Chapter Two Rann Singh stood in the bright and clean washrooms at the Surrey Center Mall, staring at himself while he fixed his purple turban in the long mirror above the sinks.    A purple turban, pink top, and brown shoes with no socks were the way to go. He'd got the call from the girl who worked as a cleaner and told her he'd pay her the $500 she wanted for the photos, as long as they were the only ones.    "They are—I promise," she'd said. They'd agreed to meet and Rann had wondered who this girl with his phone number was.    He walked out into the mall and waited next to the coffee stall and looked around. She could be anywhere, he thought. Then he saw her through the crowd, looking at him, her body long and skinny, her hair bleached white showing her brown roots that, undoubtedly, some of the $500 would go into repairing.    They sat down and sipped the coffees Rann had bought as she took the brown envelope from her bag and slipped it across the table to him. Opening it up, he sneaked a look inside, stared a moment, then said, "I know this guy."    "Yeah—he's rich, he sells condos downtown."    "Who's the girl?" Rann asked.   The girl with the bleached hair and white skin like an albino bunny shrugged and said, "She lived in this place I used to clean, I used to see her there sometimes. We all thought she was his mistress or something, but she's gone now."    Rann opened the package for a second look, then closed it again. The girl was beautiful, really hot, like some kind of supermodel. Then he said in his London accent, "What a fucking darling!"    "So, you going to pay me?"    Rann looked at the girl in the picture and then at what she was doing, and felt himself rising below. Looking up, he stared at the girl sitting before him. She wasn't too bad really—she had the pure white skin he liked, and she'd been looking at his turban quite a bit. Giving it a shot, he said, "Only if you let me see you again."    The girl with the skinny frame and the bleached hair shot him a look and smiled. She got asked out a lot, but this was the first time she had been asked out by an East Indian with a turban who spoke with a funny English accent.    "What makes you think you're my type?"   "Because you keep looking at my turban.”   “I was wondering if my hair’s longer than yours, that’s all."    And cocking his head to the side, Rann Singh, from London, on the run from the Metropolitan Police, opened his wallet, peeled off the $500 in cash, and handing it over with a cheeky smile said, "Well if you sleep with me, maybe you’ll find out." ******He took the envelope and let the contents fall out onto the kitchen table of his rented apartment on the outskirts of Whalley and took a better look at them. They were a little perverse, but he'd seen and dealt with worse—in the world of a blackmailer, one saw many things. He remembered the guy for sure now, the realtor who plasters his face on the back of almost every bus ploughing its way through town.    This could be a good one, he thought, real good. Anyone spending that much on self-promotion would do whatever it took not to have his reputation damaged in any way. Maybe he’d even thank him in the process—after all, almost everyone had a secret, especially this guy.   Rann Singh was a blackmailer through and through. It was almost all he'd ever done for the last ten of the twenty-eight years this world had been blessed with his presence. Born on the outskirts of London near Heathrow, the only son of Sikh parents, who as children in the seventies had been asked to leave Uganda by Idi Amin after the dictator woke one morning from a dream sent to him by God, or so he claimed, and had given all the Indians, who kept the country’s economy stable, ninety days to leave.    With the money they’d smuggled out in magazines and books and inside their turbans, Rann’s grandparents and his father—then twelve years old—resettled in Hounslow in the suburbs west of London, buying a small three bedroom home close to Heathrow Airport and sending Rann’s father off with his hair wrapped up in a hanky on the top of his head to the local primary school to be teased and mocked and called a Paki cunt and wog along with all the other Indians from Uganda who’d arrived and were not Pakistani and had never been to India.    The days turned into weeks, then months, and the kids threw stones at his grandmother dressed in her sari as she waited patiently by the school’s gate. Rann’s grandfather took a job as a diesel mechanic at a Ford dealership as big as the one he’d owned in Entebbe less than a year before when Amin had stolen it from him along with his home.   By the time Rann was born, his grandfather, sick of suffering chronic racism for the second time in his life, said goodbye to his son and grandchild along with the rain and the grey skies of London, packed his bags for Uganda’s more stable neighbor Kenya, and returned to the Africa he loved.   Settling into an unoccupied homestead ranch he’d found nestled securely at the foot of the Aberdare Mountains two hours north of Nairobi, he took to living alongside the arrogant and condescending white colonials residing in a country they claimed was their own, but who called him choot for wanting to do exactly the same.    And as the busy years passed in Hounslow on the outskirts of London with the same frequency as the lodgers who came and went from the small upstairs room Rann’s father let out in the home under the flight path that Rann’s grandfather had paid for with money he’d smuggled out from under a dictator’s nose, Rann’s father met his mother and, each with a doctorate in medicine, set up practice nearby.    Five years after Rann was born, he too headed off to school, as his father had, in his spotless blue crested blazer and shiny shoes to be called a Paki cunt for the first time in his life while his hanky covered hair, all neatly wrapped up in a bun, was pulled from the top of his head by the children of the men who had done the same to his parents—men who now lived on welfare with their ugly wives on the council housing estate nearby, who worked low-income jobs, and who would sometimes sit before Rann’s parents in their new surgery, in their dirty shoes, on National Health Service coin, telling Rann’s father their woes—usually depression, fuelled by self-inflicted obesity or alcoholism. These were men living in denial that they’d gone nowhere with their lives, struggling to face these dim facts as Rann’s parents listened patiently, while their own kids, destined for the same, bullied their doctor's son at school. Spitting on him in the playground, bashing his bun, just as they had done themselves to the decent man they now came to seeking solace—though they didn’t know it. “Go black home,” their children had shouted to Rann, adding the ‘L’ to ‘back’ in an ignorant attempt to validate their argument—even though he had been born in the same hospital as them, and was at home. These vile, dirty, feral children without guidance, with open sores and football boots for shoes, who would still smile and say hello when Rann would see them at his father’s surgery when they were sick—when they were away from the gangs that were gradually becoming smaller as the neighborhood’s ratios changed.   And then one day at the tender age of twelve, as Rann sat at the front of the class listening to every word, his mother and father headed to a hospital along the Great West Road and never came home. Rann waiting at the school gate at the end of the day and later in a neighbor’s home as he watched them cry, wondering why he was being kept away from school until his grandfather and grandmother arrived from Africa to tell him the bad news of how they and his Sikh god Guru Nanak would be looking after him from now on, as his parents, sadly, were never coming back.   Within a year of his mother and father’s death, Rann knew every inch of the ranch his grandfather had left to come and raise his grandson. “My ranch,” he’d say, unconsciously stroking his long grey beard as his turban wobbled, sitting there with his feet in sparkling, curly toed slippers up on a stool next to the blocked off fireplace.    “My ranch, I gave it up for you, Rann. Its roof was made of straw, and had a village for the help around the side. To the front was a view of the Aberdare Mountains, which rose up from the earth and pierced the blue of the heavens as the forest tried to climb its slopes, a forest deep and dense, full of wild animals. Its enormous trees started at the fields we owned, endless fields reaching all the way from the mountains to our ranch and the gardens where the women from the village bend over sweeping the grass clean with brooms made from fallen branches and strong twigs held together by twine.” Rann listened daily, wondering if the smell of his grandmother’s spices would ever leave his clothes and skin, and how he could get out of helping his grandfather paint the house a different shade of purple, feeling guilty, as if it was his own fault his parents were gone and his grandfather had sold his ranch and left Kenya, letting the home he loved with its view of the mountains and its women who swept the lawn go, under value, to a South African whose name, Malcolm Blou, was now a curse word in the small three bedroomed, strangely painted house under the flight path to Heathrow.      By the time he’d left school, Rann had blacked out with rage four times and blackmailed three people. The first was at the age of eleven, when he and a friend hit up his brother for smoking. Then, a year after his parents’ car crash, the pair had followed their religious education teacher into the school’s carpark and asked the man if he could help them, as they’d found porn stashed away in amongst the Bibles in the teacher’s cupboard and were both in need of a new bicycle. After six months had passed, Rann’s grandfather began to wonder why he had not returned the new bicycle he had said he’d borrowed from a friend, and asked him about it. As Rann sat crying, confessing all, and worrying he’d lose his Raleigh 10 speed, he’d heard his grandfather say, “It is okay Rann—you were helping this man, you were sent on a course from God to save him.”    And the truth was, he had saved him—saved his job, saved his marriage, saved his life.    “You have saved him because the man has changed his ways,” Rann’s grandfather had carried on saying, “and he has paid you for this, just as the priest himself would be paid for helping and saving a man’s soul.”    The third came just as he was about to set foot out into the wide world looking to put his life and soul into something to gain some sense of fulfilment from his own hard work, and what he found came easily to him. It was simple—for every ten hardworking family men doing what they could in life to better themselves within the ever growing Indian and Pakistani communities, where benefit fraud was already rife, there was always one who was really trying to beat the system.   He'd answered the door one morning to a slightly officious government employee who was looking for the whereabouts of the man who rented the spare room upstairs, but never slept there. The strange man only ever showed up once a week, usually on Fridays, wearing what Rann thought looked like pajamas. And, waiting for the occasional plane to pass, Rann answered the government employee’s questions as honestly as possible.    Yes, he knew this man. Yes, he lived here. Yes, he rented the small room upstairs. “No, you can't see the room, it's not my place to show you, sorry sir. No, the gentleman is not working, but I know he is looking for work every day. He is a good man, a God-fearing man.”   And on and on he went.    On the following Friday when the man’s check arrived, popping through the door all the way from the department of social services, Rann opened it to see he was receiving 200 pounds a week and a quick calculation told him the gentleman had pulled in over 10,000 from this address alone. When the man arrived that afternoon to get his post and pretended to pray, he’d found the check in the envelope gone and the benefit fraud officer’s card in its place along with a note, which simply read, God has called upon me to help you. He fears you will end up in prison. Please send me 2000 pounds upfront and then 100 a week from then on so as I can continue to carry out work for Him within our community. All proceeds were to be delivered to a Post office account.    And the man had paid, but not with the 2000 pounds or the 100 a week thereafter. He'd paid by giving the details of ten other fraud players working the system—with a one-thousand-pound sweetener on top.    Of these, two paid, two disappeared, and a fifth had a visit from the government fraud officer as a warning to the other five who were dragging their heels.   And that's how it all started for Rann Singh, the kid destined to follow in his parents’ footsteps and become a doctor, until one fateful day his life was changed by a man asleep at the wheel, waking from a dream—just as his Ugandan-Indian parents’ lives had been changed when their destiny was turned upside down by a ruthless dictator who, asleep at the wheel of his nation, woke up from a dream.    Taking his beloved grandfather’s misguided advice, Rann found his own path in this world and set out upon it, slowly learning a trade which fed off people's fears and indiscretions, with little care for the hurt and suffering his actions caused the people caught in his web—and who, usually, were no worse than him—because in his grandfather’s eyes, and so his too, he was helping them on their path to salvation.
