Chapter Three Patrick De’Sendro, voted the most reliable realtor in Vancouver for the fifth year running by a committee he owned and operated himself, slipped his cock back into his pants and put down the telescope, listening to the man with the London accent speaking quietly into the phone. He had been waiting with baited breath all day for a call to come in from Hong Kong about the decision on a penthouse condo. He’d also been waiting all day for the blonde across the way to come home and strip down like she did every evening before she took a shower. And when she had and he’d pulled it out, the phone had rung—typical. The call hadn’t been from overseas, but the guy on the other end clearly was, though he hadn’t said the words Patrick had been expecting.   "Patrick? I'm sorry to disturb you, but are you the guy on the back of the bus, the realtor?"    Still holding his crotch, Patrick answered, "Yes, I’m here to make your dreams come true, thanks for calling—how can I help?"    Then there was silence, long and embarrassing, and as Patrick was about to ask if the man with the London accent was still there, he heard him say, "I'm glad it's you, you see, because I've just discovered something that someone was going to do to you that I think may have hurt you and your business."    And hearing these words, Patrick's heart skipped a beat as he felt the sudden rise in temperature envelope his body, sending instantaneous beads of sweat to the crown of his head. He stayed silent, his brain whirling away as a host of unscrupulous real estate deals came back to life in his head. Then the man said, "There is a girl who has found photos of you and I've managed to stop her handing them over to a friend who's in your line off work. You see, for some reason, and I don’t know why, she doesn't like you."    Oh my God, Patrick thought, it had to be the photos Alla had of him, the ones she used to like to tease him with after he’d been watching her making love to some stranger through his telescope, the ones she used to let him see, holding them in her hand as she stood dressed in sexy underwear in front of the full-length window of her luxury condo opposite his.    What was going to happen if any of the people he knew found out? What would he do? How could he sit down again in a corporate boardroom and broker a deal for a condo complex again? The silence he would receive as he walked into a room or an open house full of piranhas would be deafening, so he said, "We don't need that."    ‘We’—he was bringing the guy into it now, he thought, making it like they both had a problem. The guy with the London accent replied, "No, we don't. It's the reason I'm calling. I've heard through the grapevine that you’re a great guy. You sold a property to one of my friends some time back and did ‘im’ a right favor on the deal. This is why I'm calling; I think I know a way I can stop her."    A right favor? Patrick thought, looking to the window of the apartment across the way, the girl there again, faint in the distance with her blonde hair, but the erection Patrick had had in his pants now completely gone and forgotten.    There was a couple of Brits he'd sold a place to some while back and saved them a fortune in the deal—or so they’d thought—they spoke like this guy, clipping their sentences and throwing in words he couldn't comprehend. He hadn’t liked them, the way they’d treated him like a parasite, acting as though he should be giving them the commission and working for free. So, he said, "Yes, I remember Michael and his lovely wife. They're a fantastic couple—special people. Please give them my best and tell them to give me a call."    And knowing there was no chance he’d ever meet them, Rann said, "I will, you’re right, they’re a great couple. But sadly the girl who's got the photos, she's not so nice. It's why I'm calling."    Patrick took a deep breath. He had to get Chendrill on this quickly, he thought, knowing the photos were out there now that Daltrey was sadly no longer around to keep them safe. Then he said, "I have a private investigator looking for them—I'm glad you called, I'll get him to pop over and see you."    Then there was silence. And the Brit said, "Yeah—but it's best we don't involve a third party or the girl. . . she'll get pissed and give those photos of you to her mate, just like that, she won't give a shit, she'll just do it. See, she said to me, she don't like you for some reason, said your teeth are too big—that’s how nasty she can be. I said, no he's alright, he saved Michael and his missus a fortune."    Then Patrick said the words Rann had been waiting to hear, "Just tell her I'll make it worth her while if she just gives them back."    And Rann knew he had him right where he wanted him to be.******Chendrill watched Patrick cut his lemon poppy loaf into sections and pop them into his mouth. His ribs were still hurting, sending unexpected electric shocks through his torso every time he moved or tried not to laugh, but Patrick was funny, especially now as he attempted to appear coy and innocent as he said to him a second time, "Why can't people just be nice and honest?"   Because they aren’t, Chendrill thought. If the world were like that he’d be out of a job, and he wondered how nice and honest Patrick was when he was selling a property. So, he said, "Everyone wants a little bit more than they can get—you know this. You've pushed the odd deal to keep commissions high I'm sure."    Patrick placed another piece of cake in his mouth and looked outside to the forty-foot poster of some naked kid stuck in an elevator with a broken nose, and, completely lying, said, "Trust me, I never have—and besides, I never actually said I'd pay this guy anything."    Chendrill stayed quiet on that one. From what he could tell, he had in a roundabout way, but getting into it with him was not worth the effort. As he looked again at Dan in the poster, Patrick said, "Strange thing was it sounded to me as if the guy was trying to do me a favor."   They always did, thought Chendrill—blackmailers were like that, never actually admitting they were doing anything wrong at all, just trying to help out.    "Yeah, they’re good at that, these types of people. But don’t be fooled—this fuck, whoever he is, he’s still trying to put one over on you—even if he seems as though he's on your side."    "Maybe he is though; he said I'd helped his friend Michael."    Chendrill frowned and took a swig of his coffee, then laughed, and held his side. "Fuck me Patrick, you need to let it go that this guy is a saint and knows your friends—he doesn't, he just adlibbed it all once you started talking. That's what these shitheads do. Has he mentioned a dollar figure?"    Patrick shook his head.    "Well he will and as you’re a rich man, you can expect it to be big."    "How big?"    "Bigger than the cost of one of your ads on the back of a bus big."   Then Patrick took a deep breath and said, "Fuck me, I don't care how much. I just want this mess gone."    And hearing this, Chendrill leaned in and said, "And the moment you start paying, it's never going to be."    Patrick took a deep breath and let it out and stared at a group of Asian girls sitting together taking up space with their computers, then he said, "What is it with these girls in this town? Why do they have to go fucking with me?"    Chendrill didn't answer, couldn't be bothered. The chances were slim to none that there was even a girl involved, though one had definitely instigated it all by taking the photos—but she wasn't likely to be doing that again anytime soon.    Then Patrick looked up at him and asked, "I read in the paper that some guy was found dead downtown. Was that the guy I saw?"    Chendrill nodded, it was exactly the same guy Patrick had seen stalking his friend and Chendrill’s old flame from way back just before he’d gone all medieval on her.    "And were you involved, Chuck?"    Chendrill sat there, staring at the table as he remembered seeing the man on the floor. "No, someone got there before me. "    Chendrill left Patrick to worry about his reputation in the coffee shop and walked back through Yaletown. He turned another corner in the old warehouse shipping area turned chic and trendy with yuppie boutiques and loaded with fast cars and restaurants. He stepped through the doorway of the offices for Slave Media nestled in amongst it all. The pretty girl at reception smiled, telling him he looked good today and that Sebastian was waiting in the boardroom.    "Where have you been?" asked Sebastian as Chendrill opened the door and stepped inside. "I've been trying to reach Dan, but he's not answering his phone."    Chendrill sat down at the table opposite and smiled.    "Maybe he doesn't want to talk to you?"   Sebastian looked back at him shocked; that was the last thing he was expecting to hear.    "Why would you say that?"    "Because you've plastered photos of him naked in a pair of some gay guy’s silver undies all across town and now he can't go out."    "No one knows they're Mazzi's."    "He does."    “Well he was all cool when he was wearing them at the time."    And Dan had been cool—cool enough to steal the keys to Mazzi’s apartment, cool enough to wear his clothes, cool enough to drive his Ferrari, but not cool any longer since Mazzi had caught him and broken his nose with his man purse then taken photos, paying him handsomely for it instead of having him thrown in jail.    Sebastian said, "He'll come around, but you need to keep an eye on him."    "I am, he's at home."   "Please tell him he's getting some great press."    "I don't think he gives a shit, Sebastian."    Confused now, Sebastian looked back at him and picked up the dog Chendrill had once saved for a cool $10,000 by simply going to the pound.    "He's not mad at us?"    Chendrill shook his head, "No, I’m just playing with you. Like I said he couldn't care less. All he wants to do is sit in his room."    "And do what?"    "You can work that one out."     Then Sebastian said thinking, "Oh? Well can you go around and tell him from me that he's just terrific, please?"    "That's it? You called me in to ask me that?"    "Yes, and to ask what's happened to Mazzi's Ferrari?"    This one threw Chendrill. He wasn't expecting them to know that the company car they gave him had been towed and was sitting in a tow company's lot, with Chendrill refusing to pay the fee. So, he said, "Some fat prick who uses his neck as a pillow has it."    "I know. They called here and asked me to come down. Told me I'd stolen it the last time they had it and now they want double. They said if I don't come down and pay, they’re going to send it off to their friend’s place on the river at Annacis Island to get it crushed."    Chendrill smiled. The cheeky fuckers had towed the Ferrari Sebastian let him use before and Chendrill had gone straight over to the yard and stolen it back. Now they had it again and were flexing some muscle with empty threats. Still smiling, he said, "They’re going to crush a Ferrari—same as they would a twenty-year-old piece of shit Chevy?"   "That's what they're saying, Chuck!"    "Don't worry, it’s bullshit; they haven’t got the guts," Chendrill said, but he knew different. These guys wanted to be Hells Angels, but didn’t have the smarts to become one—or the guts to chance getting themselves killed if they were. But they could crush a Ferrari and get away with it. All they had to do was crush it, take photos, then report it stolen—it was the way they were and the kind of thing they’d do so they could brag about it to their friends whilst they drank beer and mouthed off about their wives. He needed to get it back, Chendrill thought, but they could go fuck themselves if they thought he was going to be paying anything, let alone double.   
