Chapter SixCharles Chuck Chendrill watched from the corner of his eye as the guy with the turban looked about the train to see who was watching him. He'd not been easy to spot the first time around as Chendrill had kept an eye on Patrick through the center doorway that linked the train’s carriages. It was a good job the East Indian had put together. The drop could have been anywhere and having Patrick drop it off to himself on the station’s bench had been an especially nice touch.    The guy was shitting himself now as he dug further into the bag, finding the money was just photocopied cut paper. Lifting his head again, the East Indian in the turban looked around as though he didn't care, Chendrill wanting to go over and sit next to him and say, 'Looks like you’re the one taking it from behind now,' then arrest him. But he was no longer a cop, so he just watched and waited until the guy in the turban got off still carrying the bag slung across his shoulder, standing there outside the train looking back and forth along the empty platform as the doors shut behind him, and watching as the train pulled away. Chendrill sitting there lost in his own world, staring out the other window as the carriage moved past the Sikh in his turban carrying $100,000 dollars worth of nothing and a note that told him he was in trouble. And he was. ******Patrick was pissed. As soon as he could, he was off the train and sitting in the rear of a taxi heading back into Vancouver.    He'd seen Chendrill disappearing down the steps only at the last second as the train pulled out of the station and wondered how he'd managed to hide himself so well in the first place. The guy from London who had a bag full of nothing was Chendrill’s problem now, that was his job, that's what he did. He sorted stuff like this out and Patrick was paying him enough to trust Chuck when he said, ‘don't worry!' So, he wasn't going to. He sold property and Chendrill sorted out parasitic idiots like this guy who had just entered his life.    The problem now was that he'd just seen himself, Patrick De’Sendro, for who he really was, grinning back at himself like some kind of moron in a triangle patterned cashmere sweater and shiny teeth. For fuck’s sake, he'd just been sitting there for twenty minutes staring up at a guy in his underpants oozing more attitude and sex appeal in his little finger. No wonder the girls were going giddy, but then they'd seen him, and it was no wonder they were laughing—laughing like the guy Patrick had paid handsomely to put the campaign together in the first place, snapping shots off in his pathetic little studio, making Patrick feel like a king with all the sad little lighting strobes popping off, flattening out his wrinkles and making his teeth shine.    But that guy in his silver underpants covered in sweat, looking as though he wanted to move but couldn't—wow! It was another league. The girls weren't laughing at that guy; no, they were almost coming in their panties over the him. Fuck, I am getting old, Patrick thought, wearing a cashmere sweater like that with his white shirt sticking out the top, his hair all gelled, combed back in lines. Why didn't the guy tell him he looked like a prick, why? Because the man was a prick himself, that’s why, and he'd suckered him in and made him feel special.    It’s time for a change, he thought. He was a realtor, he looked like a realtor, everything about him screamed out that he'd sell your home and hit you with a fancy commission to pay for the 'Beama and big meals out at Caderos. A new advertising campaign was in order. He was pretty certain the city was sick to death of seeing his face on the back of buses and now benches at train stations. He needed to go big and needed to do it in style and he knew just the guy to take him there. ******Sebastian had just taken a call from an old friend in London and had spent twenty minutes explaining that Dan, Slave’s new hot signing was, as far as he could tell, not gay, so he should give up any hope of popping on a jet from London on the off chance he could take him out and get him drunk, when his phone rang again.    This time, though, it was Patrick and he said, "Sebastian, make me look as good as that kid does and I'll sell your next place for free."    Sebastian stared at the phone, which was still on speaker, and smiled. He liked Patrick, having bought his penthouse from him when he'd decided to move from the outskirts of London and settle down in Vancouver some years back.    "But I'm not looking to sell, Patrick."    "But if you do?"   "I'm not wanting to move, Patrick, I've just organized all my books."    And he had, every one of them across the shelves in such an order that they looked good and were alphabetized—or kind of. Then he asked, "But if you want to come for dinner, Patrick, then you're welcome."   That was something Patrick could do without. He'd been before and sat the night away talking about curtains with a bunch of gay men, especially the Swedish guy who worked with Sebastian, who carried his ego around in a suitcase. So, he said, "Sebastian, I'd love to, but before I get there, just for old times’ sake, I would love you to give me a bit of your time and think about how you can make me look good.”    After all, how else was he going to get himself a new advertising campaign and not have to pay corporate? ****** Rann Singh took the bag into the handicap toilet at Starbucks, locked the door, placed it on the sink, and began pulling out the contents which Patrick had spent the evening before filling, laughing out loud as he worked off his new, expensive color laser printer. Chendrill had said just fill the bag with paper, but going a step further, Patrick hadn't and instead replaced the Queen’s face with his own and ran off $100,000 worth of 10's and 20's just like the guy from London had asked.    Fuck him.    Rann held one of the notes to the light above the sink and smiled, seeing Patrick's face looking back at him. The cheeky fucker, but he'd pay more now just for wasting his time, and Rann would start by leaving a copy of one of the photos in the elevator of Patrick’s apartment block, and stick one of these bills right underneath.    That'll teach him for being a clown.    But who was this Chendrill, he thought, maybe a hired thug, or a PI of some sort, but they could be bought. Sitting down on the toilet, he pulled out his phone and stuck Chendrill’s name into a search engine, smiling as the result came back—Chuck Chendrill, Private Investigations—phone number and address included.    That'll do, Rann thought as he stood and adjusted his turban in the mirror. I'll go looking, find some dirt on you, and you can either fuck off or start paying some cash like Patrick's going to have to. But he didn't have to look very far because as soon as he opened the toilet door, Chendrill was waiting on the other side. And the first words Chendrill said were, "You'd better hand over those photos or I'm going to strangle you with a bit of that cloth you've got wrapped around your head."    "That's racist," Rann replied, "I thought you Canadians didn't go in for that sort of thing."    And as quick as lightning, Chendrill snapped his head forward, smashing Rann on the bridge of his nose and sending him flying back and hitting the floor of the handicapped toilets.    Chendrill stepped forward and closed the door, locking it behind him and picking up the bag, emptied it on top of Rann’s head.    "Give me the photos now and this'll end today. If you don't, it’ll get worse."    Rann looked up at the big guy in the camo Hawaiian shirt and remembered him nipping past him at the station. Fuck, his nose hurt. He hadn’t taken a hit like that since he was at school in Hounslow.    He reached down to his sock and began to pull the blade he kept there for such occasions and thought about burying it into Chendrill’s leg—but where would that leave them.    So, he said, "How much do you want?"    "I don't want anything—just the photos."    Rann tried again, "I'll give you half of what the realtor pays me."    Chendrill stared down at the East Indian with blood running from his nose and leaking onto his nice silk shirt. The guy was holding his ankle, deciding whether to pull whatever he had hidden in his sock.    Then Chendrill said, "We can sort it out now. You take me to where the photos are and hand them over and we put this behind us or I take whatever you've got hidden in your sock away then I start to kick the shit out of you until I leave you for dead. If you die, you die and if you live, you live. But if you survive, you'll still owe me the photos, so we'll be back to square one when you get out of the hospital. So, what'll it be?”    Rann stared up at the big guy whose ribs were hurting and said, "I'm connected."    "Not now you’re not. Right now, you’re connected to the shit house floor."    Chendrill stared at the guy with the turban and the accent that didn't fit. Chances are he had connections in one of the Asian gangs that ran out of Surrey on the border with the U.S. They dealt in drugs and sold guns and occasionally got themselves shot. But he'd been threatened with worse. So, he said, "So it's make your mind up time, either you can give me the photos today or you can start thinking about not playing cricket on the weekend. "    "Okay!" the East Indian suddenly said and began to get up. "I have them here, you win."    And then as he reached his feet, he came at Chendrill. Quickly batting Rann’s fist away to his side, Chendrill swung out with his free hand, catching the East Indian with his fist in the side of his head, sending Rann hard against the wall and a searing pain ripping through Chendrill’s ribs.    They both stood there staring at each other—the East Indian with his turban wonky on his head, his eyes smiling, pointing right in Chendrill’s direction. The East Indian now speaking in a voice which sounded like he was enjoying himself and just getting started, whispering back to Chendrill in his coarse London accent as he lifted his leg and pulled the knife out from his sock.   "I'm the ones who's gunna leave you for dead now, you cunt."    Fuck me, what a way to go, Chendrill thought, dead on the floor of the shitter in Starbucks. He could think of better ways—like having a massive heart attack in the middle of the night pounding some beautiful woman after a night out eating too much food in a restaurant someplace.    He stared at the knife, long and curved, almost ornamental. It was the second time he'd seen one like it in the past week, this one smaller.    Then he said, "What is it with you guys and these fucking knives?"    And the East Indian answered, "Tell the realtor he's got a week and if I see you, this'll be sticking in the stomach of you or anyone else who comes near me in a stupid shirt like that." 