Chapter Seven What was wrong with my camo Hawaiian? Chendrill thought about the shirt he liked to use for surveillance work as he sat himself down in the coffee shop and he held his ribs, wondering also how strange it was to have had two fights in one week. Fuck, his ribs hurt.     Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out the wallet he’d lifted from the East Indian just as he'd head butted him and sent him flying back into the toilet stall.  Rann Singh17a – 199, 2022st Surrey, BC    Well that was pretty easy, he thought. He had his licence now and the hole the East Indian Londoner was digging himself was getting bigger. It wouldn't be long before the guy would be calling to get it back.    Patrick drove through the busy streets of Vancouver cringing every time he saw his face on the back of a bus. Shit, what an idiot he looked. If ever there was time for change, it was now. Yes, he’d still sell places, but only up until he didn’t need to do it any longer, which was in reality right now with the amount of money he had stashed away after selling real estate for the last thirty years, hedging his bets and winning as the highs and lows came and went.    He reached the outside of Sebastian’s place and parked the Beamer, rode the elevator all the way to the 22nd floor, stepping out with a bing onto a door mat that said welcome and looked odd sitting so high up, parked on the most beautiful parqueted flooring he’d ever seen. The first one to greet him when the door opened was the dog, then looking up he heard Sebastian.    “Patrick, oh darling what have you been up to?”   Patrick thought about it. Well, he was being blackmailed and he’d been sent on a train ride along with all the little people and handed over a bag with exactly $100,000 of money that was only good in a mystical country where Patrick was king. On top of that, on the way back, he’d had an identity crisis. Then he’d gone and seen a whore, one he’d started to get to know since his last one had been attacked and couldn’t walk anymore and this new one, she’d done to him exactly the same things that he was being blackmailed about in the first place. So, he answered, “Not much really, you?” as Sebastian came towards him holding out one hand and grabbing his.      “Oh well, Patrick where do I start? ******   They sat down to dinner at a table by the window which looked out across the bay, the room larger than was necessary but still cozy with its hardwood floors stylishly covered in places by handmade Moroccan rugs, their intricately woven work barely visible in the dim light. Sebastian at the foot of the table, Sebastian’s business partner Mazzi Hegan at the other end with his tightly cut blonde hair with highlights, and Patrick in the middle.   “I called Chuck, but he said he was busy. I called Marsha and her assistant Buffy. She was in L.A., but said she would take a jet up anyway, then she called to cancel when she found out Dan wasn’t going to show,” Sebastian said, as he brought in a plate of freshly seared Bluefin Tuna and started putting it on the other two’s matching plates.    “I’m glad on all counts, I can do without the drama from that slut,” said Mazzi. “And tell me why oh why would I want to sit here with Chendrill and risk getting a seizure looking at his shirt?”   Sebastian took a deep breath.    “Because he’s a friend of mine and Patrick’s told me he’s hiring him himself to look into a little personal matter he’s got going on.”   Good luck to them both, Mazzi Hegan thought as he discreetly moved the pieces of parsley from the Tuna with his fork. They both don’t know how to dress, so they should both get along great. They could hang out downtown and make anyone with a bit of style puke. Then he said, “I thought that guy who’s driving my car works for us.”   “Me,” Sebastian answered, “I pay him out of my own money. He works for me and if Patrick needs a hand with something, then he’s going to get nothing less than the best.”    Best what? Best guy who finds dogs? Hegan thought as he heard his business partner continue, “After all, you needed to find Dan after you’d broken his nose and he found him.”   He had done that indeed, Hegan thought; he’d found the guy who was about to make him world famous after he’d snapped the shots that were being shown worldwide when Hegan had come home late one night and found Dan sleeping in his bed like Goldilocks in silver ginch. But nonetheless, he still said, “Well don’t give him that much credit. I’m sure it wasn’t that difficult.”    Then he heard Sebastian say, “And he found Fluffy.”   Hegan closed his eyes, fuck me, here we go again about the dog.    “Patrick, I lost Fluffy and called Chuck straight up, cold-called him right out of the phone book and an hour later, he was back.”    Patrick nodded saying, “Yes, Chuck’s the best.”   Fuck me, Hegan thought, looking to the clock. He could be at some club now down on Davie hitting on young guy ass like he liked to, giving a guy a line, like ‘you look good—but you’d look better sucking my dick…’ He stared at Patrick, the realtor, thinking, this guy’s probably never done a kinky thing in his life. Straight guys were like that, just stuck it in the slippery fish pie and pumped. He’s probably never had anything except some prostate-obsessed doctor’s finger up there in his life and I bet when he did, he moaned about it for weeks to his wife. Fuck, the guy was a walking advertisement for a realtor if he’d ever seen one—with his loafers and nicely pressed shirt and cufflinks. And Jesus, he was sick of seeing the guy’s face on the back of buses, let alone having to stare and talk about him now over dinner—especially when all Mazzi wanted to do was talk about himself and how good his photos were. The next thing Sebastian was going to say to him no doubt was that the creep needed a makeover and he was the guy to do it.    Any minute now, they’d say it, he knew it, he could feel it coming closer with every mouthful of overcooked Tuna he took.    Then Sebastian said, “Patrick’s looking for a new look, Mazzi. Have you got any suggestions?”   Yeah why don’t you go fuck off and shoot yourself and do us all a favor, Mazzi Hegan thought as he stared at Patrick and said, “Well, you can lose the sweater for a start. Then we can talk.”   “I think he looks cool in it, Mazzi, don’t you think?”    Sebastian was a nice man, Hegan thought. As much as he hated his partner sometimes, the guy was good, better than himself, and he knew it. The man could see shit for what it was, but would never ever say so. So, taking his partner’s lead, he said, “I don’t mean it’s not cool, because it’s cool, realtor cool. If you’re looking for a new look, then bring in a stylist first. Dee will do it, she’s got an eye; she’ll get you looking sharp.”   Sebastian smiled, then said, “Patrick’s already sharp—he just thinks it’s time for a change. I was thinking the same thing, but I’d like you to help. You know, take some photos, Mazzi.”    Fuck—Mazzi thought, he knew it, there he was on the verge of being an international sensation and wham he was back making idiots look good, which was basically his job, he knew that. But this idiot, the guy with the teeth, he was something different. He stared at him now, this realtor who sold condos all over town and made sure everyone knew his face. Once, years back, he’d fucked a guy and found a picture of Patrick taken from the paper under the bed. The fucking weirdo, whacking off to him no doubt. Mazzi couldn’t imagine it, he’d rather puke gagging on a horse. He gave Sebastian a look, then smiled at Patrick. It was going to be a challenge—the multi-colored cashmere sweater with diamonds across the chest really had to go.   