Chapter EightRann Singh stood in front of his bathroom mirror and looked at the bruise on the bridge of his nose. An inch lower and the prick would have broken it. Why can’t people just let him get on with his business? He and the realtor had an agreement and as far as he was concerned, the deal was done. Now he had to deal with this prick.    He still had the bag, which he’d have to burn somehow. If they were found, the notes with Patrick’s stupid grin on the front instead of the Queen’s would find their way to the cops, and then they would find their way to Patrick, who would explain why and then, ultimately, Rann would have more on his plate than a guy with a bad shirt.    He looked at his own, leaning his chin down, feeling the weight of his turban pulling his head forward. It wasn’t ruined, but it would need to be dry cleaned now—and the fucker had nicked his wallet.    Things were not going smoothly.    He straightened himself up, pulled off his shirt, and stood there looking at himself in the mirror, then he walked to the living room and picked up the phone.    Thirty seconds later, Chendrill answered and Rann heard himself say, “I need my wallet.”   “I need the photos.”   “Maybe I’ll call the police and have you charged with assault.”   “Maybe I’ll call the police and have you thrown out of the country.”   Rann stayed silent for a second, thinking, the realtor owed him $100,000 and that was that. This guy was getting irritating. Then he heard Chendrill say, “I don’t want to have to come out to Surrey—drop the photos off for me downtown and if I never hear of you again, you’ll be a better man for it.”    “Maybe I’ll start looking at what Charles Chuck Chendrill does in his personal life and see then if you’re still such a cocky cunt.”   “Do as you will.”   “I know you work for Slave International.”   Fuck me, Chendrill thought as he sat on the other end of the line, how the hell did he know that?    “Maybe I’ll go digging around there as well, tell them you sent me.”   “Maybe I’ll come over there and get on with what I should have finished in that washroom.”   Then Rann said, “Listen Mr. PI, we both know you’re full of shit. I need my wallet, you need the photos. The realtor agreed to pay money for the photos. I’m doing him a favor by not letting them circulate and I can get another licence within a week. It’s just easier if you give it back. If you don’t want to, then go fuck yourself, I’ll start circulating the photos.”    And with that, he did. He sent the first one straight to Chendrill’s email, the second he sent to the receptionist at Slave, and then sent another note to Chendrill that said, ‘Don’t fuck with me.’   The guy with the turban was becoming troublesome. ******About an hour later, Chendrill received an emergency call from Sebastian who said, “Chuck, I’m really shocked. I think I need you to come over and see something.”    And half an hour later, he was there, sitting in the boardroom staring at the projector screen with Sebastian and Sebastian’s dog and Mazzi Hegan grinning, saying, “Well it’s not quite the makeover I was expecting, but at least things are improving.”   Then Sebastian turned off the screen and, still sitting in the darkness, looked to Chendrill and said, “Is this the problem you’re dealing with?”   Chendrill stayed silent and switched on the lights as Sebastian followed him with his eyes.   “The poor man, he must be so embarrassed.”   Chendrill just shrugged and said, “I’m sure he will be if they keep coming out.”   “He’s commissioned us for his new campaign.”    “Why, what’s wrong with the one he’s running?”    Mazzi Hegan looked at Chendrill, thinking, What’s wrong with your shirt? Mr. Big, standing there all tall and toned wearing a Hawaiian like he always did. Mazzi almost said, ‘If you don’t know the answer to your own question, start looking in the mirror.’ He was tough, though, in a butch kind of way, which was sexy in itself—but for fuck’s sake, get rid of the shirts. But who was he to judge, he thought, only last night he’d felt the same about Patrick, pulling him apart in his mind as he’d pretended to like the food at Sebastian’s, and now look at him, this square realtor, taking it like a man, even if it was some slut delivering the goods. He said, “Same as the guy’s clothes—it’s out of date.”   Chendrill looked to the Swede with the frosted tips in his hair and silver pants.    “Really?”    Mazzi Hegan stared right at him, saying, “Yeah—really.” They didn’t get along and never would, not as long as Sebastian was letting him use his car, which in fact he hadn’t seen for a few days. Then picking up on what Mazzi was really pissed about, Sebastian interrupted, “Chuck looks good in the Ferrari, Mazzi; besides you can’t park.”    Mazzi took a deep breath and knowing it was useless to carry on, gave up. Sebastian was right; he’d been having parking issues for some time now and his calling out the company chauffer at all hours to do it for him had caught up with him.    Then Sebastian asked, “Has this creepy guy you’re dealing with got anything like this on anyone else?”    Chendrill looked automatically to Hegan, who answered, “Who hasn’t got shit like that on me, I mean come on? I’m hot!”    Chendrill closed his eyes, the skinny prick looking like something out of ABBA, then opening them again said, “I don’t think so.”    “What about Dan?”    “No, this is nothing to do with anyone but Patrick and for some reason it’s spilled over onto you guys because somehow it’s leaked out that I’m contracted here.”    To which Sebastian replied, “Oh it’s not leaked anywhere Chuck, I’ve added you to our website.”******Charles Chuck Chendrill sat in the back of a taxi as it cruised around the dirty back roads of Vancouver’s East Side. He needed the Ferrari back if he was going to have to drive down to Surrey to sort out this fucker with the turban and the accent that didn’t fit.    Sebastian was right, Chendrill was there in the center of things on Slave Media’s website—directly under the heading ‘Security’ for fuck’s sake—but for a grand a day plus expenses and a retainer, he’d deal with it—even if it had only been there a few days and it was already causing issues.    The taxi turned a corner again and came out onto the main road off McGill St.    A tow truck would be along pretty soon, he knew it. Their yard was just up the road and just after three o’clock, the traffic constrictions changed downtown and all the vultures would be flying back and forth feeding off the people with real jobs.    They carried along as Chendrill adjusted himself in his seat. It had been at least ten days since he’d taken one in the ribs from the guy from the bakery and although it was now half as bad as it was, they still hurt.    He needed to go see Dan, he thought, most of all he needed to see Dan’s mother—sexy with her blonde hair and tight little frame. Dan had been quiet, too quiet really for a guy who’d hit the world stage running. Everywhere he looked now he saw him, posters, magazines with him standing next to the supermodel Marsha crying and looking a mess. It was a funny world.    Then he saw him in the distance driving the tow truck, dragging behind some poor mother’s family van with blackened out windows behind, the alarm still going, his arm out the window with its tattoos all faded and stretched as his body gained weight. His big sovereign rings now permanently attached to his porky fingers like a young tree moving onwards and up, passing through and smothering its support with its bark.   Quickly Chendrill signalled the driver to pull up behind him and follow, pulling a slim jim from his inside jacket, Chendrill leaned over and paid the driver twenty and slipped out behind the tow truck in traffic, opening the van’s rear door and climbing in.    Chendrill climbed over the shopping in the back of the van spread across the rear nestled in between the kid’s seats. The fucking prick, Chendrill thought, envisioning the mother stuck there downtown with all the kids and whatever else she’d bought for the day. He couldn’t have not seen it for what it was—the mother just grabbing something she needed and not leaving the kids in the car, getting out for a few minutes just so this prick could come along and fuck up her day.    The tow truck carried on, Chendrill sitting in the back now could see the driver’s fat neck bulging as he twisted his sweaty head, nearly giving himself a heart attack every time he turned the steering wheel. They reached the yard and Chendrill felt the van shake and bang as the prick hit the potholes.    Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari sat there now across the lot, nose into the fence. Opening the rear door, Chendrill slipped out and moved along, hiding behind the other cars as he made his way to the red Ferrari and, opening the door with the key, slipped in. The tow truck driver stood there now stretching, his gut hanging over his jeans that hung from his ass. Across the way was another truck on its way in, waiting outside the gate with a Ford hanging from the back. Chendrill watched in the rearview mirror as the gate opened and as it did, he started the Ferrari, slammed it in reverse, and tore out across the yard backwards, past the tow truck driver staring there with his mouth open, and through the open gate out onto the road.   Fuck them.    He headed back up McGill Street until he hit the highway and joined the traffic heading out of town towards Surrey. Dennis would be there now, he thought, sitting in his basement suite, no longer lonely, waiting for the love of his life to get well enough to come home and begin to destroy his life again.    He hit the bridge, the Ferrari feeling good, its engine purring right behind him. He took a right just as he reached the other side, heading towards the address on the East Indian’s licence. After scaling the area for five minutes he reached it and sat outside for a bit looking up at the tower block. It was nice, positioned and built in a part of town that was still a shit hole, the local authorities trying to clean it up one development at a time.    He’d called a friend, checking the guy out—Rann Singh, landed immigrant, twenty-eight, arrived in Toronto three years ago, and now here, blackmailing good honest citizens like Patrick.    He got out of the car and looked around as trucks passed blowing out smoke from their stacks and moving up through the gears. The Indian community here was big, bigger now in fact than he remembered, the street signs new and gleaming, mixing English with Urdu—the country’s second language, French, left by the wayside as the world slowly changed.   An hour later, Chendrill saw him, walking towards him along the road, heading back from the sky train station in the distance, his turban now bright red matching his shirt. He wasn’t hiding.   Rann reached the Ferrari and, slowing down to take in its majesty, noticed Chendrill standing there leaning against the wall of the building and said without missing a beat, “This yours?”   Chendrill nodded. Then the East Indian said, “I’m in the wrong business.”    Feeling his rib tweak as he shrugged himself off the wall, Chendrill said, “You need a brain to do what I do.” And just as Rann said, “Yeah right,” Chendrill hit him again, this time right in the throat, dropping him to the ground. Reaching down quickly, he pulled the knife from the guy’s sock and threw it over a fence. Then reaching down and pulling out a set of cuffs, he had the East Indian’s hands behind his back before the man could gather up his first full breath.    Pulling him to his feet, he placed his hands into the man’s pockets and, finding his keys, began to march him across the road.    They reached the front of the apartment block and stepped inside, Rann breathing hard, still trying to get his breath, moving in front of him with ease, his feet light on the ground, his hands twisted up, almost breaking both wrists with every step.    Chendrill opened the door to Rann’s home and stepped inside, lifted the man’s arms up and away from his back and, forcing him to the floor, dragged the guy along the corridor by the scruff of his neck before bringing out another set of cuffs and securing him to the side of the fridge door. Then, as he stood watching Rann breathing hard, he said, “Don’t pull too hard or you’ll open the door and spoil the milk.”    Chendrill walked away, looking around the place, stepping outside and putting his foot up on the balcony lounge chair as he looked down below at the Ferrari sitting there in the street looking out of place. He moved into the bedroom and came back with Rann’s laptop in his hand and, opening it, said, “What’s the password.”    Rann replied, “You know I’m connected?”   Chendrill stared down at the man sitting there with his arm up against the door handle to the fridge. He said, “Yeah I can see—what’s the password.”   “It’s fuck you.”    Not fucking around, Chendrill lifted the computer and cracked it down hard across Rann’s head, knocking his turban off onto the kitchen floor, then waiting for him to come around again asked, “What’s the password?”   Rann stared up at the man now, the big fuck in his loud shirt standing in his home, giving out the orders. His turban gone, his hair now half out of the hanky and band hanging down the other side of his head. He said, “I’m not joking, it’s ‘fuckyou’.”   Chendrill put the computer back on the dining table next to the kitchen, and typed in ‘fuckyou’. He wasn’t lying, it was.    “I’d say that’s not the best choice of passwords.”   He opened it up, quickly found all the photos of Patrick saved on the desktop, and deleted them. Then picked up the computer and bringing it down hard on the corner of the table three times, destroyed the machine completely, exposing the hard drive. He pulled a pair of pliers from his pocket, ripped out the hard drive, and threw it onto the table. Then said, “Where’s the photos?”    Rann took another deep breath. He was fucked. It was obvious this guy was big, strong, methodical, and no dummy. Nodding to a dresser, he said, “In the drawer, there.”   Chendrill walked over and opening the second one, pulled out the envelope. Letting the contents spill onto the table, he asked, “Is this it?”    Rann nodded as Chendrill kneeled beside him and said quietly, “If it’s not—I’ll come back and throw you out that window.”   And Rann replied, “Maybe next time I’ll throw you out that window.”    From the look in the man’s eyes, Chendrill could see he meant it and had every confidence in himself that he could. But still, he said, “Good luck with that.”   Chendrill searched the rest of the apartment and found nothing. Picking up the hard drive, he popped it into the envelope, leaned down, releasing the East Indian and dropping the guy’s wallet into his lap, and left.    He felt a bit guilty. He’d hit the man a little too hard across his head, and knew it was sacrilege to remove the guy’s turban—but fuck him, that can happen when you blackmail people.    Riding the elevator down, Chendrill reached the Ferrari, opened the door, and threw the envelope onto the passenger seat as he climbed in and sat down behind the wheel. He only saw the lounge chair flying through the air from above briefly before it crashed down hard on the Ferrari’s hood, barely missing the windshield.    This guy was irritating.   
