Chapter TenRann and Rasheed had met at the side of a busy main road that headed south connecting the same road to the highway which led down to the border that crossed into the United States. Rann got there by bus as he liked to and Rasheed pulled up in his $75,000 Mercedes with low profiles and black windows as he liked to. Rasheed had called him a cunt and told him he wasn’t even a real Sikh, just a plastic one—that he needed to start seeing real women, Sikh women, if he wanted to fit in and stop fucking these skinny white sluts like he was. After all, he’d never been to India and didn’t even speak Punjabi. Same shit as he’d heard back home growing up outcast from the English and his fellow Indians. He was an African Indian, he spoke Swahili, which, like his mother and father, had mixed with English, but he was still a Sikh. Why did he have to put up with this shit all his life?    Then Rasheed said beneath the roar of the traffic as it passed by, “And you need to give me sixty percent of whatever you’re getting from the hard-on pills you’ve got coming in.”   Rann stood there watching as the trucks passed and wondered if he’d heard the man right. So, he said, “Tell me that again?”   “Sixty percent of what you make from your pills goes to me.”    He had heard right, so he said, “You’ve picked a strange spot to start negotiations.”    And waiting for a truck to pass, Rasheed said, “I did it because I knew no one else would be here.”   It was an odd notion Rann thought, standing at the side of the road with hundreds of cars passing by every minute or so and thinking he was alone. He said, pointing to the cars, “I don’t get it, if no one’s here, who the fuck are they then?”    Rasheed said, “You and I are alone, we can talk and neither of us can cause trouble because hundreds of people are watching and they don’t even know it.”   Rann looked to the passing traffic packed together but moving quickly. It was an odd notion, but kind of right. He said, “Why should I pay you money for my pills when they get here, when it’s got sweet fuck all to do with you.”    Rasheed smiled and said straight back, “Because there’s a middle man with everything in life, and you need distribution and I control things around here, my friend. If you want to sell your pills, you need to go through me—the same as if a movie producer wants to show his film, he has to go through the theatres because they’re the guys with the means to get it out there and I’m the means to get your little pills out there. So you need to start realizing this and come to an arrangement or you can try peddling them in some other town.”    Rann shook his head and looked out to the traffic as it flowed past and took a deep breath, tasting the fuel in the air. This was bullshit, more nonsense, another prick trying it on, and he’d come all the way here on the bus to hear it. Then he heard the guy say, “And as you’re going for the big stakes now, hitting up millionaire realtors and shit, you need to start weighing me in on the blackmail funds as well and keep away from the big guy in the loud shirts.”   “I would have thought a big prick like that could look after himself,” Rann snapped back.    “He can. So, I’m telling you, you are best to stay clear of the fucker. It’s advice, nothing less.”   They stared at each other. Rasheed continued, “So how many of these pills you got to sell and how much you looking for them?” Keeping it light now, saying it like he was buying baseball cards.    “I’ve got 180,000 tablets coming in, 30,000 packets of six, and I want eight bucks a tablet.”   Rasheed did the math. Then said, “I’ll give you three dollars a packet as long as they work, and they’ll need testing first. That’s it—ninety grand, that’s what they’re worth to me. If you don’t like it, go sell them yourself, but I don’t advise it as you’ll be doing it for the next ten years trying. And you’ll be treading on my toes, which isn’t healthy because I’ll fucking kill you and then maybe after if I fancy it, I’ll kill your family also—just for kicks.   And that’s when Rann felt the rage come from somewhere deep inside his soul, blacking him out as it had so many times before. ******Chendrill read about Rasheed’s demise the next morning as he’d left Dan’s mother’s house and drove the Ferrari back into town and saw it on the front page of the newspaper he no longer bought or read, but did this time.‘Local Gang Member Found Dead’    Below it was a picture of Rasheed in a turban, sporting two big knives crossing blades at the front.    An hour later, he called Ditcon at the Vancouver Police Department. It’s not that he wanted to hand a murder on a plate to the one man who liked to step in and take credit for all the other police officers’ work within the homicide section, but enough was enough with this guy who liked to throw things off his balcony. And he’d simply said, “It’s Chendrill, the guy you found dead at the side of the road last night was killed by another Sikh by the name of Rann Singh.”   And after just enough time had passed for Ditcon to write Rann Singh’s name on a piece of paper, Ditcon had said, “We know, we’re already on it.”    Hearing the conceited prick’s tone, Chendrill wished he’d kept his mouth shut. Then he heard Ditcon say, “We’re all over Mr. Singh. Do you have an address?”   “If you’re all over him, why do you need an address?” Chendrill asked as he looked down at the floor and waited for the reply that never came.    Ditcon didn’t have a clue and chances are if he’d have taken the guy there himself this morning, he’d already have let the guy go by now. Ditcon was too stupid to realize a good thing when he got it and was more interested in his own ego than in some gang banging East Indian, so he said, “I’ll take that as a no then.”    To which Ditcon replied, “We’re not at liberty to make any statements at the moment.”    God, the man annoyed him.    No, but you’ll be calling me asking for my information the moment you realize you’ve got nowhere, won’t you, you prick, Chendrill thought as he considered hanging up the phone but instead said, “Now I’ve given you a suspect. When you bring him in, ask him what he does for a living. He’s a blackmailer and when he denies that, check out where he’s just been in Asia and ask him about the drug Sildenafil. It’s the drug that makes your dick hard, but I’m sure you’re already aware of that. See what he says—the guy killed Rasheed—I know it and now so do you.”    And Ditcon replied, “I’m already aware of the Asian trip and the blackmail. Thank you for your information.”   Fuck, ‘I’m already aware.’ The man was an asshole, how was he aware? Had the guy told him? No—Chendrill had right there and then. He’d given Ditcon the case right there on a plate, and true to form, he’d still managed to steal it.    That’s why everyone hated him.    But Rasheed was still dead and Chendrill had only been drinking with him the night before, both of them sitting there, Rasheed in his turban and Chendrill looking like a parrot in a bright red Hawaiian, watching girls ride the bull with their tits bouncing about. But there you go, the man was a gangster not a postman, and gangsters get killed. It came with the territory. Live by the sword, die by the sword. ******Rann Singh left the storage locker facility and was still trying to work out exactly what had happened as he rode the train back to his apartment out in Surrey. The cops had been nice. They’d asked what happened and all he’d said was they were talking and when he’d looked away, a truck had passed and when he looked back, Rasheed was on the ground and he’d called the ambulance.    “Did you see the licence plate? What type? Color? Make?”    It was busy, he couldn’t remember. But what he really couldn’t remember was whether he’d pushed the gang leader into the truck’s mirror or if Rasheed had stepped back himself. The rage inside him taking over and him blacking out for that split second after he’d been calling him a plastic Indian, calling him a Paki like they used to when he was a kid and then telling him to leave the big guy who wears the shirts be and forget the money because it was just bullshit anyway, and he was going to have to shell out almost all of what he’d make from the Sildenafil he was bringing in.    Why should he? he thought. Let him drive his fucked up Merc with the low tires and smoked out windows down to the airport and stick it in long stay and get on a plane to Thailand, source it all, and risk the death penalty or the rest of your life looking over your shoulder or behind bars sending it back over the border. Then having a Canadian customs guy already there in place—some guy scared of losing his family—and waiting for it on the other side so as he can check it through, giving it the all clear when it hits the post office downtown.       Let him do all that and then give away all the money to some fuckhead who thinks he’s king shit just cause he speaks Punjabi and has a couple of Indian princesses as girlfriends. No, the rage that ran through him was strong. He couldn’t remember if he pushed him or if the guy had stepped back into the truck’s wing mirror that buried itself in his head and crushed his skull. 