Chapter ElevenSamuel Meeken was happy. The local telephone company was keeping the last remaining public phone box going on Denman Street in downtown Vancouver operating at his request, and as long as no one spent the afternoon using it to call their granny, he was going to put on his new cowboy boots and hat and go fishing.    He was in good shape now coming into his fiftieth year. The 500 sit-up and push-up routine he adhered to after each day at the post office was paying off—his stomach tight and chest muscles bulging under the layer of carpeted chest hair that he liked to comb before bed each night.    Samuel Meeken wasn’t straight, he wasn’t gay, he wasn’t Bi, he wasn’t A, B or even C sexual—he was multi-sexual, and that’s what he’d say when he was asked in the post office canteen.    “I’m multi—I like to have sex with all living things, except children.” And that’s when the other postmen and postwomen stopped talking to him.    And now he was going fishing.    Standing by the window, he pulled back the curtains and stood there dressed just in his cowboy hat, boots, and chest hair, looking down from the 5th floor at the crowds passing the public phone. He dialed its number into his cordless, listened to it ring, and watched, waiting as the river of people passed below, some looking, but most ignoring the public phone’s electronic chime. Seconds passed as maybe a hundred fish came through, then out of the crowd a lady stopped, taking a breather from the weight of the basket of groceries wedged firmly in the trolley she tugged along behind her.    Cautiously the old lady moved towards the phone taking a look, then, pulling her trolley closer, she looked around at the shops and the others passing by paying no attention. Then on instinct like a hungry fish striking a baited hook, she reached out and picked up the phone to hear Samuel Meeken say, “Don’t be frightened.”   The old lady looked around and said, “Sorry?”    Samuel Meeken carried on, “Look up to my window and don’t be frightened.”   The old lady looked up, her eyes not as sharp as her younger self had once been, “I’m sorry?”   “Look at me I’m up here, above you.”   The old lady looked up to the sea of windows above. Then she saw him on the 5th floor and said, “I see you, are you the cowboy?”   “Yes, I’m the cowboy, don’t be frightened, I know you want me.”    And she answered, “What do I want?”   “You want me.”   “Do I?”   “Yes, come up to my apartment.”   “Sorry?”   “We can make love.”   The old lady stood there for the moment as the realization of what the man who was naked in the window above her dressed as a cowboy was saying. But she’d grown up in Calgary, so she knew what cowboys could be like and it wasn’t the first time she’d been hit on by one—even if the last had been in 1964. So, she said, “I’ve just bought some milk. I need to get it into the fridge or it’ll spoil and I’ve got a chicken in the oven.”   And so, it went on throughout the day, Samuel Meeken standing waiting, with his fishing rod in his hand trying to reel in anyone he could—except children. It was about three hours later when the police came.    It wasn’t the first time he’d been in a police car, and in fact it was usually the best part of the whole fishing trip itself; unless, of course, he actually caught a big one on the line and they were stupid enough to come up.    Now he sat there still in his cowboy hat and boots with a towel wrapped around his waist as the young cop Williams drove him to the station. Samuel called out with his hands cuffed behind him, looking to the sexy cop in the front seat ignoring the whole thing as though it was just another day in the park, which was exactly where Samuel, sitting there with his erection playing tents with the towel, wanted Williams to take him. ******Marsha was equally excited, and having just received $20,000 for doing nothing but pout, was about to leave the sound stage in L.A. when she got the call from her agent Gill Banton who was having a barbecue at her home in Venice Beach and wondered if she would like to come. Not sure what to do, she said, “Totally.” To which Gill replied, “Is that a yes or a no?”   “Oh totally, I was just going to meet this guy I met at the shoot, he’s from Guatemala.”   “What does he do?”   “Things”   “Which things?”   “Things with the lights, cables, you know.”   Gill did, the guy was a lighting guy and she said back down the phone, “That’s great, come here, but don’t bring the Guatemalan—besides I thought you were still in love with this Dan guy?”    She was, they’d met in Vancouver after she’d gone there for a shoot just so she could do just that, but it hadn’t quite worked out that way. Now she’d told the world press they were in love. It was quite a mess. Then Gill said, “There’ll be someone here for you to meet. He wants to do a shoot with you, he’ll pay well—but you’ll need to meet him first.”   And when she arrived, she met Patrick.    Patrick stood by the pool in his new linen shirt, trousers, and haircut, smiling at all the people around him. He was here now in amongst the beautiful people, the door well and truly opened for him by Sebastian and Mazzi Hegan—who for the moment were on fire—and he’d stepped right in.     Real estate was old news and celebrity management was the way forward he’d decided. The only way to get anywhere in his eyes was to start at the top and Marsha was just that.    He’d been out for the day shopping with Dee. She was weird in the way she dressed—purple boots and leggings with bright red hair—but she was cute for a woman of 40 and somehow, they got along. Gone were the cashmeres and in came the style—silks and cottons and trousers, alligator skin shoes and shirts that fell together with strange ties which he was sure would never work but they did and for just under $30,000 and a quick donation trip with his old loafers and shirts to the local realtor college, he was set—plus her fee of course.     And now he had Marsha in his sights, coming through the door with her little chubby assistant following behind making her look all the more skinny than she was, and gliding up to him she said, “I’m looking for Gill, she lives here.”   The reality was that she hadn’t seen her in such a long time she’d forgotten what she looked like. Patrick said, “Gill, your agent?”   “Ya, she lives here.”   Patrick stared at this woman who was possibly as beautiful as his old girlfriend whom he used to let play with him and said, “I’m Patrick.”   Marsha looked back at him, taking herself away from the rest of the crowd who were discretely looking at her and held out her hand, in the limp fashion people do when they don’t really want to touch and said, “Marshaa.”   Patrick took her hand and said, “Marshaar?”    And Marsha nodded saying, “That’s right, with an A, Marshaa. Like Marshal, but without the Le.”   ‘Le’ as in the ‘Le’ when you first learn the alphabet in kindergarten—Fuck this woman was dumb, he thought, incredibly beautiful, incredibly rich, and incredibly dumb. This new line of work he was interested in was going to be easy. Then he said, “I’m from Vancouver. I hear you were just up there on a shoot.” Marsha nodded and closed her eyes giving her answer more impact.    “Yeah,” then she was silent for a second and opening her eyes, asked, “Do you know Dan?”    Patrick didn’t, but he knew who she meant. He, like most of Vancouver, had seen the posters of him and the odd one of her licking the sweat off his chest. So he said, “Hey yeah Dan, great guy. We were just out.”    And she asked, “Did he say anything about me?”   And Patrick carried on, “Of course, he’s all for you. Says he can’t wait to meet up again. We were talking about management and letting me take the stress off things—you know, letting you be who you are, and letting him be the guy he is. Let the agents fight it out and let the guys like me keep the wolves at bay.”   “Yeah right, keep the wolves in the forest, yeah.”    Then he said, “You want me to get him to call?”    And Marsha, the girl voted the sexiest woman in the world, who had just decided to change the pronunciation of her name, looked at him and, like a little girl blushing in the school yard, bit her lip and nodding her head said, “Yes.”   Then he saw Gill coming towards him, her sling-backed $2,000 shoes clicking below her long legs flowing free in a sheer red skirt. Reaching them she smiled and said, “Oh—great, so the two of you have already met.”    And Marsha replied, “Hi, I’m Marshaa. I’m looking for Gill.”   Gill stared at her for a moment and as the moment passed, realized the girl wasn’t kidding. She said, “Marsha, I’m Gill, love.”   Fuck me, Patrick thought, this is going to be easy. 