Chapter TwelveDan sat in his room staring at two hugely intricate electronic circuit maps side by side and listened to Chendrill talking with his mother in her bedroom, his big voice booming through the ceiling. They’d just been at it again, the two of them, and now even Chendrill had started to groan.    Looking up as he heard his mother laugh, he stood and looked through the window at the Ferrari outside. Fuck, he thought, the car had been gone for a bit and for awhile he’d thought maybe Mazzi Hegan had gotten his way—but now it was back. He should just steal it again like he had that other time when Chendrill was fucking his mum. But for some reason, Chendrill wasn’t lasting as long as he had when they’d first met. So if he did, it wasn’t going to be easy.    And what was the point of asking to borrow it when Chendrill, the goof, was just going to tell him to get the bus.    He sat back down again and turned on the computer, typed in ‘D - A – N’, and looked at the photos of himself come flooding back at him.    That’s me, he thought—Dan. A legend now, a legend who still hadn’t even gotten laid—apart from the blind chick in the park, before her guide dog had gotten nasty and bitten him. But in retrospect it may have just been the girl’s purse he had his dick in by mistake.    He needed to go out again—get hold of Mel, and go dancing—but he couldn’t show up on the bus or walk in off the street. He needed a ride, needed to arrive, then walk in—after all he was Dan, and Dan didn’t do buses, even if his big thug minder/bodyguard had told him he should.    He stood up again and noticed the sock still stuck around his dick and pulled it off, tried to think back to how it had gotten there, and then remembered tugging one out to the pictures of Marsha—as she’d called herself after she’d invited him back to her suite, and licked the sweat from his chest. She looked good, but Mel was definitely more fun—and she worked at McDonalds.    He got dressed, walked up stairs and, reaching the fridge, opened it, grabbed a handful of cheese, then turned to see Chendrill standing there in a bright red Hawaiian and said, “Every time I see you, you make me want to eat a pizza.”   “Very funny,” Chendrill answered.    Then he asked, “Where’s the car been?” And right on cue Chendrill answered, “Get the bus.”   Dan closed the fridge door, the bottles inside clanging as it hit home.   “I’m an international superstar. I should be in the Ferrari; how can I sit on the bus and stare up at myself in the poster ads?”   “Close your eyes.”   “People will see me.”    “So, people saw you before.”   “I thought you were supposed to be looking after me?”   “That’s what I’m doing.”    Yeah by fucking my mother, Dan thought, but said instead, “You want to go eat?”******They sat in McDonalds with the Ferrari parked up diagonally out front, Chendrill getting out around the block and letting Dan pull in under the golden arches and park it that way as he liked to do. Dan saying now, “You like my mum then do you?” Chendrill smiled—he did—listening as Dan carried on, “Worth taking one in the ribs for, was she?”       Chendrill nodded and said, “You know that, she’s a good woman.” Then Dan leaned back, taking a big bite of the triple decker burger and chowing down. Mel was not there now, but if he was lucky, she’d be in soon and he could apologize for sticking his head up her skirt and embarrassing her. Then he could see if she wanted to go out dancing again and let her sit on his lap in the front of the car whilst Chendrill dropped them off, tell her he’s letting Chendrill drive it tonight because it’s his birthday. Then he said, “You need to give her a bit more loving so she don’t go looking around.”   “And you’re the expert?”    “Just an observation.”    Then Chendrill said, “I need to give her more loving to give you enough time to steal the car again, is that the kind of loving you’re referring to?”   Fuck, he was sharp this guy.   “No, the other guy bought her stuff.”    The other guy, Chendrill thought. The prick. And he said, “Well I’m not him, and I can’t cook pastry for shit, so don’t get your hopes up. Besides, you’re rich now. You can buy them.”   Dan ignored that one about being rich, and said nothing—the look he gave to Chendrill over the burger he was still stuffing into his face was enough. But, pulling it out, he couldn’t help it, “What, buy them from him? Yeah good move, I’ll ask him to deliver, maybe he can bring his bat.”   Chendrill moved at the memory of the baseball bat slamming into his side like it had, felt the pain in his ribs send an electrical pulse through his body, and thought, yeah and fuck you too Dan, you smart ass. 