Chapter FourteenRann Singh walked back to the window and looked down to the road; it was getting on and they were still there below waiting.    Why don’t they just come up, he thought, worried he’d have to karate their asses—after all they knew that’s what he did and had done for some time now. After taking a second beating from the skinheads at school, it was all he’d done since. He was a black belt six times over and still couldn’t believe the big guy with the loud shirt had managed to get the better of him sucker punching him twice—he must be getting soft.    Since losing his bucket, he’d sent a whole tin of peanuts down on to the posse that was forming and made good use of a china tea set he’d been given but didn’t like, and seeing it smash all over the idiots below and their cars was special. Fuck ’em.    Soon though, he’d go down and take them on one at a time, put to use all the training he’d done in the past but didn’t do as much now as he should. He’d take down the Punjabi warrior with his gun, break his fancy teeth with it first then bring it down on his head hard, so as every time he felt the lump on his head over the next few days he’d wished he’d kept his hair and wore his turban like a good Sikh should—the fucking cocksucker.  It was nine in the evening. He’d give them till ten and go down and put the cat amongst the pigeons.    At ten he did just that, and as he came out the door taking them all by surprise, two began to run.    Feeling his china from the tea set crunching under his feet, Rann walked straight over to Archall Diamond in his silk suit and pointy shoes and went at him. Taking his gun from his hand before he could lift it, he smacked him on the head, knocking him out, and threw the gun over the wall into the same area Chendrill had thrown his knife when he’d disarmed him so easily. It felt good to be back. Then he said as the guy hit the ground, “You all need to have a whip round to pay for that tea set you made me smash on your heads—and my bucket.”   The rest of the Indians stared back at him, not knowing now what to do since their spokesman was unconscious. Then he said to them all, “If you’ve come about Rasheed, then tell his mum and dad I’m sorry. He got hit by some truck that was going too fast.”   Then one of the Indians said to him, “Diamond was there—he says you killed him.”    “Well you can tell Diamond when he wakes up that he’s a cunt, and if he keeps bothering me, I’ll start getting really pissed. So, unless one of you have some sort of gun or knife and are wanting to use it on me, I suggest you go fuck off because I want to clean my bathroom and after I don’t want to be thinking about you lot down here getting all cold and hungry whilst I’m in my bedroom chowing down on this hot little piece of white skinned perfection I’ve got coming over.”   And that was that. ******Chendrill kissed Dan’s mother hard on the lips and felt her body move and heard her gasp as his dick pushed right up inside her, hitting the top.    He’d brought Dan back despite the young man’s protests, but it was hard to concentrate on making love to the kid’s mum when he knew somehow Dan was more than capable of beating the Ferrari’s security system. How was he doing it though? he thought, as he kept one ear out for the door and the other on his new woman—who he was getting to like more and more as the days passed, the way she looked at him, the way she made him smile.    He moved his head away from her lips and began to kiss her neck just as he had earlier when he’d started chasing her around the room with that look in his eye. Slowly he moved his mouth up and gently kissed her ear as he slid in and out of her, her hands moving along his spine, unconsciously digging her nails into his back and ass as he began to pound. It was quiet downstairs. Dan, full of food, would probably also be full of sleep. If not, the broom would have been hitting the ceiling now.    Chendrill moved his mouth back to hers and began to kiss her passionately, feeling her small toned legs wrapping themselves around his back as she pushed herself back onto him as he began to fuck her hard. Her breathing heavy through her nose, him hearing the groan she always made when she was about to feel herself begin to come, her legs tight around him now, lifting herself up to meet him, feeling her wetness as he pounded and ground himself into her, kissing her, feeling himself filling her, reaching her top and her squeezing his cock with her muscles making Chendrill want to come himself, feeling it build more and more as he became thicker inside her. And as Chendrill pushed himself deep inside Dan’s mother, Dan pushed the Ferrari away from the curb, one hand on the door seal and the other on the steering wheel, the car door open without the alarm sounding—the shoe box full of infrared electronic circuitry all soldered up and held together by tape sitting on the passenger seat. He reached the end of the road and got in at exactly the same time as his mother came, calling out without control and making Chendrill feel like a man who was big and strong and could do anything he wanted right there and then, anything he wanted now—except use his car.    Dan turned the steering wheel and felt its leather as it spun back through his hands as he pulled away along the main road that headed into town. Yeahhhh, he was back driving the machine again, hot rod motherfucking Ferrari, with no loud shirt wearing big fucking minder in tow giving him daddy lectures just because he was screwing his mother.    Putting his foot to the floor, he screamed the car through the gears and stared up at a poster of himself looking good. He said to himself, ‘Hello handsome,’ as he felt his nose, still broken and giving him breathing difficulties. Thinking of Mazzi Hegan standing there, having a shit fit about his stuff being all messed up, then pulling out his camera like one of those crazy war correspondent types. Except Mazzi wasn’t crazy, he was talented.    He pulled the Ferrari up on the road just outside McDonalds and Mel got in. She was talking to him again now, the business of him putting his head up her skirt sorted. She’d shown up at the last minute as he was about to leave, then stayed whilst Dan had knocked back another cheeseburger and said, “I’m very sorry I acted inappropriately towards you in that club and would like to ask your forgiveness.”    Just as Chendrill had told him to.    Now she was back and the night was young. They hit Robson Street like he used to and cruised it a dozen times, revving up the engine like an idiot in the process. Then he did the same around Yaletown, spinning the wheels hard outside Slave’s offices for good measure. Then they hit a club.    The Tip Top Club was good, owned by an East Indian by the name of Rasheed, who’d just recently been killed in a bizarre fashion out on some road that led out of town. The club manager posing for a photograph with the hottest model in town at the moment, said, “It’s a shame he’s no longer around, he’d have been very happy to have had you here at his club.”   As he let Dan and his girl in for free and sorted out the best VIP table there, the manager told him drinks and food were on the house.    Fuck me, Dan thought, this was good—all the girls staring at him now, giving him the look. Fuck me, and some were hot, not Marsha hot, but hot. Mel, though, was hotter and tonight the chances were high that, one way or the other, he was going all the way.    He picked up his drink, knocked it back and ordered another four, two each, and some fries and wings.    Then he started dancing, playing at first with Mel as she watched him from the table moving the way his mother had as a child, fluid, seamless as if the music was tailored just for her—and now him, moving through the crowd as though she was the only one there, not looking at another as they flirted and stared. Mel was his and no other; he would grab her by the hand soon and make her feel special, take her out there on the dance floor and hold her, dance slowly in time regardless of the music, love her and make her love him just as Chendrill had told him to earlier, as Dan had sat there listening for once with his mouth full of fries.    “You two are the only ones in the room, dance and play, but ignore the rest—no one else matters—then kiss her softly and in the end when she wants to she’ll take you to her bed, not the other way around.”    And Dan did, holding her and dancing the night away with no thought for any other, no girl who stared or caught his hand as he went to the washroom or waited for him as he’d returned, offering him herself with her tight skirt and big tits.    “This is what you do, Dan,” Chendrill had said as they drove back from McDonalds, not knowing it was going to be quite as soon as he’d expected or that, as he was speaking, Dan was planning to leave the broom and let him get right into it with his mum so he could make the night-time rendezvous in style.    And when the time came, as they began to leave the club, the manager had offered the club’s suite upstairs to them both so they could unwind and come back. Once up there, Mel had led him to the bed, slowly undressing herself, laying herself down for him to take her like the man he now was. This time with no guide dog biting him, or supermodel ego or crazy murals on the ceiling to contend with, everything was all laid out for him. This sexy young blond who worked at McDonalds, who used to smile and serve him fries, was his, holding out her hands, beckoning him towards the bed touching his shoulders gently, pulling him towards her, smelling her scent as his face grew close to hers, feeling her lips touch his, her hands on his neck, on his back; and then, feeling the panic rise up in him as she reached down lower, touching him as his body began to shake at the realization that he was there and was about to make love, as an unstoppable flow came across him, the release of uncontrollable, unstoppable muscles tightening as the ejaculation process that was the curse of so many young men started too soon somewhere deep in his loins and hit home with a bang.   Then as he gave out the tiniest of a whimper he heard Mel say, “It’s okay, it’s okay.”   Then Mel’s phone rang and it was Chendrill telling her it wasn’t okay. He said, “Tell him please to bring the car back now or I’m going to come over there and kill him.” 