Chapter FifteenThe next day, the papers said it all. Front page was another picture of Dan with his girl, holding her on the dance floor and next to it another of the world’s most beautiful woman crying. Underneath read the line:‘Love conquers beauty’   “There’s nothing I can do,” said Sebastian through the phone to Marsha’s agent as she lay in bed with another sexy model guy, this time from someplace she couldn’t remember in Argentina.    “Well could you try? She’s very upset—she’s on the phone to me as we speak.”   Sebastian was in a fluster. Gill had control of some of the best, but what could he do? If it was true and the guy was in love—and from the pictures it certainly looked that way—it was out of his hands. So, he said, “You can’t stop the world from turning Gill; we both know that.”    He heard her moan slightly and reply, “Come on Sebastian. We both know the only people these types truly love are themselves, so please be a sweetheart and do what you can with him—if you don’t, I’ll let it slip he’s into guys and that’ll shake it up a bit.”   Goodness me, Sebastian thought, that was all he needed, the bitch threatening him with that, no better than that guy who’d been chasing down Patrick—the poor love.    He put down the phone and then picking it up again, called Chendrill and said into his answering service, “Chuck darling it’s Sebastian, call me quick it’s an emergency—we’ve got another one of those blackmailer type people on to us.”   Fuck me not again, Chendrill thought as he listened to the message, all tired from not sleeping trying to track down Dan, the prick. Sitting down on his sofa, he called him back and straight away asked, “Who is it this time and what do they want?”    Sebastian took a deep breath, saying, “Gill Banton, Marsha’s agent.”   “Sorry—she’s blackmailing us?” Chendrill stayed silent for the moment, thinking, then continued, “Why?”    Chendrill’s stomach turned as Sebastian said, “It’s all over the papers Chuck, this morning, with that girl in another club.”   “Doing what?”   “In love with that girl he was with before, the one from McDonalds.”   Thank God.    “So, he’s young.”    “Yes, but it’s hurting her client, so Marsha’s agent said she’s going to put it out there that he’s gay.”    “I thought you guys loved outing people?”    “That’s Mazzi’s thing, not mine. He used to say you were. Especially after I gave you his car.”   “Really?”    “Oh yes! And there’s pictures of Dan driving it again in the papers.”   “Don’t worry—he won’t be doing it again.”   “How do you know?”   “Because I thumped him in the eye.”   Sebastian was silent for a second. The guy was being paid to stop that kind of thing happening, not do that kind of thing, so he said, “I don’t think your idea of looking after someone is quite the same as mine, Chuck. Is it bad?”   It was.    Dan had hit the end of their road, turned off the engine, and coasted. He parked the car, quietly opened the front door and snuck in, crept down the staircase in the darkness, opened the door to his basement room as slowly as possible to stop it creaking, got inside, closed the door and slid on the dead bolt he used to keep his mother out when she was in a rage or when he was knocking one out into one of her fluffy socks. He turned around to see Chendrill standing there in the darkness, his Hawaiian shirt blending in perfectly with Dan’s Metallica poster on the wall. Then a fist came down from the man’s solid frame, delivering a well-deserved love tap to the cheek, just enough to let him know Chendrill wouldn’t have the piss taken out of him twice by Dan or anyone. Sometimes words were not enough.   ******      There was silence for the moment, then Sebastian took a deep breath and said, “Well Mazzi won’t like it.”    “Mazzi broke his nose, that’s why we’re talking now.”    And Sebastian said, “Dan’s a human being, Chuck; hitting him is not a sport.”   “If he keeps stealing the Ferrari, Sebastian, and he’s not listening, he’s going to get a thump, Sebastian, or would you prefer next time I just call the police?”   “No don’t do that please—has he got a shiner?”    He did, a big one. “I’ve seen worse.”   “Much worse?”   “Not really.”   Shit, Sebastian thought. Then Chendrill said, “So what are we going to do about this agent who’s got you in her sights now?”******Dan sat in his basement room feeling sorry for himself. Every time he got with this chick from McDonalds, something went wrong; but when he broke it all down, every time he managed to get with any chick he had problems, and the common denominator was him. There you go, we can’t all be perfect, he thought. He was still on his way to richness and stardom, even if it was fleeting.    He got up and looked in the mirror at his eye. It was bruised, Fuck, that big ass prick ape of a man had a hard punch, saying out loud as he turned around looking to the ceiling on the way back to bed, “You were lucky.”      And Chendrill was, Dan could have hit back and broke both his hands on Chendrill’s skull—then where would they be? Dan not able to work, get up there on stage and look good because he had a bad sperm build up problem now that he was unable to masturbate.    Then his phone rang. It was Marsha and she was crying.   “Dan?”   “Who is this?”   “Marshaaa.”   Dan stayed silent for a moment.    “What’s up?”   “I can’t sleep.”   Dan looked at the clock. It was a quarter after midday. He knew the problem.   “Yeah.”   “I saw the pictures with you and that slut again, in the club last night, you were kissing her.”   Fuck me, how, Dan thought. He hadn’t seen anyone taking photos in the club. Marsha carried on, “And of you looking cool with her in your Ferrari.”   Dan felt his eye and said, “And?”    “And I thought we were in love?”   Dan stayed quiet, giving this one some thought, then said, “Sorry?”    Marsha continued, “We’re in love Dan, I told the press.”    Then he simply said, “The last thing I remember you telling me was that I was an asshole.”   “Girls say that, but they don’t mean it.”   “Oh.”   “So, I’m coming up soon, Patrick’s putting it together. He told me you couldn’t wait to see me.”   “Who?”   “Patrick, he’s taken control of me, you know not as an agent, you know with personal things because Buffy’s an idiot. He’s so cool, you should meet him.” Dan was confused now.   “You just said I already know him.”   “Yeah.”   “I already know him, but I should meet him because he’s cool?”   “Yeah.”   Fuck me, Dan thought, this girl was hot but not in the brain. Then she said, “Buffy thinks he’s cool too.”   “Buffy?” Dan said, “Is she hot too?”    “No, she likes cheesecake, and she’s stupid. She went swimming in a blue bikini that didn’t fit at this party on the weekend and embarrassed the shit out of me, and she paid for a private jet for my luggage to be sent from your place to that place where the Queen lives just because she forgot to pack it.”   “Oh.”   “Yeah, she likes him too, but she’s stupid, that’s why Patrick’s helping out now.”   “Oh.”   “And we’re coming up and going for a meal at the fish restaurant with you and Sebastian, he’s so cool. I love his little dog.”   “We are?”    “Yeah, Patrick says you and him love it there.”   “We do?”   “Yeah you like it—maybe you and I could go out after, go dancing, you know like you were yesterday with that bitch.”   Dan stayed quiet for the moment, thinking. He was sitting in his basement room of his mother’s house with a shiner from her new boyfriend, finding it impossible to get laid for some reason, and for the second time in his life the girl who was recently voted the most beautiful woman on the planet was coming on to him; not only that, she was jealous of the chick he’d been out with who worked at McDonalds. Then still feeling the soreness around his eye with his fingers, he said, “Sure, the club’s really great, the manager there lets me use the presidential suite upstairs, it’s really cool you know, to go up there after and wind down.”   “Wow, cool, maybe we should go and hang out, dance a bit and then go play some more alone upstairs,” said Marsha, as she oozed sex down the phone to Dan, who was now looking down at his dick getting hard in his pants.    Then he said, “The person who owns it just died though, got hit in the head by a truck, but they say he was a really nice guy.”   “Cool, I can’t wait to meet him.”     “Really?”   “Yeah.”   “The guy’s dead, Marsha.”    And Marsha said back. “Yeah but maybe we can see him when he gets out of the hospital—you know people can get better.”
