Chapter SeventeenPatrick arrived back in Vancouver, having taken a private jet that he knew was a waste of money. But he’d hoped to find some more celebrities going out of LAX in the executive bar, and he had; seeing Samson, a good looking young TV star, doing well from a series that was getting big, and his girl, Crazy Sue—who he’d never heard of. Both of them hiding away, being cool and elusive, and Patrick in there like a dirty shirt, letting it slip he was on his way up to Vancouver to have an evening meal sit-down with a couple of his clients—Marshaa, as she likes to be called, and the hot new kid doing the BlueBoy campaign, Dan, who wanted to talk to him. Catching their interest, he explained how he would chat with them for a bit, then pull them to one side and discreetly sort out this trouble that’s giving them bad press. Because not all bad press is good press and they could do without it. It’s a pain, but it’s what he does and that’s life. Saying also that Buffy was coming up. That she was taking her own executive jet once she’s finished—she’d been so busy—and Marshaa was picking her up.    “Marsha’s picking ‘her’ up?” they asked.    “Oh yeah, Buffy’s great, she’s so happy right now, but she’s exhausted—just secured an incredible three picture deal with Tom Cruise, I honestly don’t know how she does it. Soon I’m telling you, she’s going to be taking over this town and we’ll all be working for her,” Patrick had said, and then, casually added, as though it was the norm, “Hey, come along. Marshaa’s a big fan of you both, thinks you’re fantastic and totally loves Crazy Sue, she’d go crazy herself if you turned up.”    And she would, because the truth was Marsha hated her.    Patrick hit the plane running, still on form. Loving the Captain, the Captain loving him, laughing, joking, smiling. The hostess on the plane an actress herself, flirting with him as he told her how he’d just spent the afternoon with ‘Marshaa’ sorting out Marshaa’s problems, it was a pain, but it’s what he did. Her telling him he reminded her of that guy on the back of the bus she saw when she had a layover in Vancouver and visited her mother.    “A lot of people say that,” he’d said, then carried on with a smile saying, “But I don’t do public transport.”   They should do lunch sometime, she’d said, just as he was thinking the same thing and wondering how kinky she could be, loving it, playing somebody and becoming that somebody in his mind with every breath he took.      He jumped into a limo and followed a bus on the road that ran away from the airport towards the city with its mountainous backdrop not too much further on from its center, standing there bold and strong, rising away from water into the sky above, covered in snow, sometimes mist or just pure sunshine.     Another bus took the first one’s place, and Patrick was now smiling back at himself—the Indian driver doing the same to him in the rear-view mirror. Patrick waving his arm at the guy, dismissing himself and hating the man who he once was—the same guy who he used to be, whose smile had made him millions.    He sat back in his seat and stared at the mountains in the distance, wondering how Chendrill was doing with the maniac blackmailer he no longer cared about. People in the industry he was now in did that kind of shit, he thought, it’s part of the package. They’d probably think there was something wrong if he didn’t have some sort of perverted kinky itch he couldn’t live without being scratched once in a while. I’m sure Marsha had one, he thought—liked it one way or the other. Maybe she got herself off with something whilst watching herself in the mirror, he thought. It had taken a lot of control to just play it cool and not say something cheesy to her all afternoon as he’d kept her beautiful firm titties just below frame.    Wanting to just say, “Why are you crying about this guy, when there’s real men around.”   Older men at that.    But he hadn’t, he’d kept himself decent and worked it.******Mazzi Hegan was having a meltdown, just as he was about to tell Rann to fuck off, he’d got to him and all he’d had to say was—“Tax man.”   Then he’d said, “I’ve got your file in front of me now and it looks like you’re full of shit. You’ve been spending the money you sent back to Sweden paying off a credit card you use here.”   And hung up.   He had, but how did this prick know, Mazzi thought, and was it wrong? Quickly he called his accountant and asked. It was, fuck. How did he know? The fucker had his file and was harassing him. He should call Chendrill, he thought, but if he did he’d never be able to call him an asshole again. And that could be a tough thing to live with.    He sat back on his chair and rubbed his fingers through his hair as he liked to do when he was stressed and shouted out loud, “Motherfucker!” so as everyone in their little cubicles could hear.     He liked to do that, get it off his chest. But normally it was stupid stuff like photos, or someone in the office wearing a pair of shoes that didn’t go with an outfit, or Chendrill driving around in his car he wished he could park so he could look cool.    But this was different—a lot different.   Then just as Patrick had in a panic, Mazzi did the one thing he should never have done and called the man back. ******Rann had a small bit of info to work on. But he was a professional and years of working his craft had taught him he could make a mountain out of any mole hill, and Mazzi Hegan’s tax details were just that. He’d asked Malcolm Strong in a brief phone call to do him a favor, just like he’d been doing Malcolm, and give him some dirt on everyone at Slave, telling him it would be good for his soul and give him something to do whilst he waited for the box of hard-on drugs to come in from Asia.    Sebastian was a boy-scout and the government owed him money, but Mazzi Hegan had a bit of history that could be easily exploited, history in his creative use of expenses on his tax returns, history in his continual buying the whole bar drinks when he was bombed out of his skull and all sweaty on wine and poppers, history in waking up in a hired limo after it’s taken him and a bunch of guys to Whistler to party and claiming it all as legitimate expenses. This was the kind of history Rann loved and thrived on. And it was just this and a whole load of other questionable filings the tax man was now considering which Rann now had his teeth into.   “I’m just trying to do you a favor that’s all. It makes no difference to me,” Rann said to Mazzi.   He wanted to tell him right there and then to fuck off, just like he had the last time, but something inside told him to keep talking and find out just what the prick was referring to, see what shit he had to say, that would be better, find out then straight after say ‘Yeah well that’s great, now why don’t you just go back home and suck on Prince Charles’s dick,’ then when he realized he’d just insulted him and his precious royal family, Mazzi would say, ‘and while you’re down there, have a word with his friends about why you’ve no longer got a team that can play football, you English prick.’ That would get him, the English hated that, knowing they were useless at the game they invented. So, he said, “Maybe I’ll just put the phone down and send Chendrill back over to kick your ass.”    “Tell that ape if he comes round here again, it won’t be a lawn chair that drops onto his Ferrari.”   He’d heard about Chendrill sorting it out for Patrick over dinner. Patrick telling them all what a superhero Chendrill was getting this parasite off his back, but he hadn’t heard about the lawn chair hitting the Ferrari. What the fuck was that all about? He said, “Chendrill said the chair never hit the Ferrari, it missed.”    “Really, is that right?” Rann said straight back, taking the bait. “The lying prick, if he comes here I’ll put him out the window and as for you, you’ve got other issues.”   “Which are?”   “Tax related.”   “My taxes are fine.”   “Then why did you call me back?”   “Because I like English guys, especially Sikhs. They turn me on. I like looking at the tops of their turbans when they’re sucking me off.”   Mazzi Hegan waited as he listened to the silence on the other end of the line. It was good. Hitting on him had thrown the prick and turned the tables for the moment at least. Then he heard the man say, “Tell that to the judge when the tax man’s finished with you.”   “I’ll tell it to the judge when the police are finished with you—you blackmailing son of a bitch.”   Then he hung up. A minute later, the phone rang again and he heard Rann say, “Forget the tax issue, forget the judge, no one speaks to me like that. All I wanted to do was help you. I’ll be coming to see you and you’d better know how to fight.”    Then he hung up.    Mazzi Hegan stared at the wall, this time, trying to be clever, he’d taken his crudeness to the wrong person. He’d been a smart ass once too often and now it was time to call Chendrill. 
