Chapter EighteenChendrill paced up and down Mazzi Hegan’s office, watching as Hegan nervously ran his fingers through his highlights as Hegan said, “Well how was I to know he was going to react like that?” His Swedish accent showing strong with the pressure.    “I wish you’d just called me.”   “Well shoot me.”    Chendrill stared at him saying, “This is the problem.”    Hegan stood quickly, his silver belt buckle showing strong on top of his jeans. “You saying the guy’s going to try and kill me?”   Chendrill took a deep breath. The Sikh was becoming more of a pain each day.   “Not at all.”   Mazzi sat down again, took a deep breath, calming himself. Then, as the room drew quiet, suddenly screamed out, “Fuck!”   Then the door opened and Sebastian walked in, and looking to Chendrill said, “He does that, it’s his thing, letting it all out. What’s going on?”    And Chendrill said, “Our friend from your hometown has been harassing Mazzi.”    “About what?” Then he said, “I’m sorry, it’s none of my business.”    Sebastian walked to the window. After thinking, he turned and said, “When I was a kid at school, I thought I had a friend and he was a true friend. I told him of my persuasion and he made me pay to keep it quiet. After that, I swore that I’d never do that again in my life, cowering down to such a beast of a person. Chuck darling, is there anything else we could do to get this retched person to leave us alone?”   And looking up at him, Chendrill simply said, “Yeah, don’t pay.”    Then Mazzi butted in, letting it all out saying, “Sebastian, I’ve got tax issues, he’s found them somehow and that’s why he’s harassing me.”   Sebastian walked over and placed his hand on his business partner’s shoulder and said, “Mazzi, tax men are only human beings just like you and I—they’ll strike a deal. I don’t need to know what your issues are, but what I suggest is that you talk to my accountant. Tell him everything. Absolutely everything. And then let him sort it out and I’ll cover his bill and whatever you owe. I want you to relax. Personal issues get in the way of your creativity, it’s not healthy. My man will work it out and strike an anonymous deal for you and it will be done.”   Fuck me, Chendrill thought, just like that, all the guy’s tax issues sorted. But there was still the big issue of the lunatic East Indian still being out there. But as he glanced over to Mazzi, who looked as though he was going to cry, he decided that for now, he’d throw it out there again and see if Sebastian would take the bait.    “Yeah, I’ve got some tax issues of my own Mazzi, I know the feeling.”   Then, completely ignoring him, he heard Sebastian say, “And Chuck I’ll need your keys, I’m giving Mazzi back his Ferrari.”    What? Dan the prick, Chendrill thought, stealing it and causing trouble, now he’d be back in a leased Buick or something. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. If Sebastian was pissed at him, why couldn’t he have just smashed his dinner plate?     “I’ve called the guys at Ferrari Mazzi, and they’re putting a computerised radar system in that parks it for you—you can pretend you’re still driving of course, go through the motions, no one will ever know.”    Trying to hide his disappointment, Chendrill looked to Sebastian, feeling like a six foot four two-hundred-and-fifty-pound kid who’d just been told off by his dad, as Sebastian turned to him smiling and said, “Oh, and don’t worry, Chuck. I’m getting you an Aston Martin.”    Sebastian left Chendrill looking puzzled. And Mazzi, who couldn’t help himself, had started to cry again. Leaving them both to it, Sebastian walked back to his huge office in the corner of the building with its big wooden beams and panelled windows and sat down.   He was a rich man, as rich as one can be if you looked at life knowing you have everything you need and want and could buy it all again a hundred times over with change. The advertising industry had been good to him. But all he really had now since his partner Alan had passed was Fluffy. They’d bought and enjoyed him as a pet when Alan was sick, and after he’d gone missing in the park, before Chendrill had found him, Sebastian had realized that if he didn’t get him back, he would be completely alone.     Sebastian had money. And in the autumn of his years, with no children to pass it on to, he was happy to spend it, and spend it well, having fun and creating as much happiness with it as he could for the only family he now had left—his friends. And it felt good. ******Rann Singh, on the other hand, was starting to get annoyed, and wished he hadn’t paid out the five hundred bucks to the skinny white chick who needed her hair fixed and seen the photos of Patrick crying as one of the prettiest women he had ever seen slammed a huge dildo up his ass. Now he was in a right pickle. All he had to do was sit back and wait till his shipment of hard-on pills arrived and then he could say goodbye to all this blackmail shit.  Say goodbye to it all once and for all and get on with his new life, make the necessary preparations for his grandfather’s retirement. “But no!” he shouted out loud to himself as he stood in the shower with the jets combing his long black hair that reached down past his backside.    “You had to start trouble didn’t you, you fucking idiot, you couldn’t leave it be. You had to start a war.”   And that’s what he’d done, as he had done so many times. Same as he had in London and as he had in Thailand only a month before. It was his way, his nature.   Now he was in one again. This time with a guy who couldn’t dress properly. He’d blown the deal with the realtor, gone to see Rasheed, crying to the man like a little baby, and caused more trouble with the guy’s friends, making them come around so as he had to throw shit at them, trying to teach them a lesson. And now this shit with the PI, and this friend of Chendrill’s, the gay guy with a filthy mouth. The prick insulting him like that, speaking about his future King, Charlie—disrespecting him same as the Irish cunt had with the King of Thailand, who looked like his grandfather.     He turned off the shower and, reaching for a towel, got out, rubbing himself down and wrapping his hair up.    Let it go, he thought, let it go. Concentrate on the future, and let it go, take a break until the tablets come. Turning, he looked at himself in the mirror, his hair all wrapped in a bun now on top of his head like a girl.   He’d let it go, he thought, he would forget it. It’s not worth the stress, just leave it be, put it to one side, put it to one side. Put it to one side, let it go Rann, he told himself again and again, let it go. Let it go Rann, let it fucking well go.    But he knew he couldn’t. ******The first person he called was Malcolm Strong, sitting at home, not talking with his wife, when the phone rang. If there was anything good that had come out of him being blackmailed, then it was that he’d stopped getting his dick sucked by whores, for the moment anyhow, and he was trying to improve the relationship with his wife.    “Get me tax info on the PI Chendrill,” Rann had said without saying ‘hi’. Then he asked, “What’re you doing now?”    What’s it got to do with you, you piece of shit? Malcolm thought as he looked to his wife, wondering if she could hear and who she was texting.    “I’m at home.”   “You’re lucky you still got one mate, you can thank me for sorting that out, stopping you doing what you were doing.”   Yeah, yeah, yeah. You piece of shit. Then he asked the guy who had been blackmailing him, “What do you want?”   “You fuckin deaf?”   “It’s too hard to do; I could lose my job. Then where would you be?” Malcolm said quietly as he watched his wife walk through to the bedroom. Then he carried on, “There’s only so much I can take, you know that.” And he wasn’t joking, he’d already been pulled in and asked why he’d been looking into Mazzi Hegan and had to talk his way quickly out of that one, saying he’d heard stuff and wanted to waste his time first before he sent it further up the line and wasted anyone else’s. And he was right too, as it was mostly nonsense. He said, “I can’t do it.”   “You can’t afford not to.”   “I’ll lose my job.”   “You’ll lose your job if they see what you been doing and you’ll lose your wife. She’ll be sucking someone else’s dick.”   Malcolm doubted that, he thought, that was what had gotten him into all the trouble in the first place.   “If I do it, I’ll lose my spot at the post office,” he said, knowing that would shut the piece of shit up, wondering for the millionth time whether he should go straight to the police. But as the guy who was trying to save him had said, if Malcolm did that, then he won’t be able to stop this born-again Christian from unleashing his revenge.    He took a deep breath. Fuck, he was in a mess. This guy, fucking with his life when all he wanted was to relax. He could ask a friend, he thought, to look or just make it up, say he has and this is what he’s found. Fuck it, that’s what he’d do. Make up some shit about the guy and let him try to deny it, take some of the heat off him. So, he said, “I’ll look tomorrow.” But he wouldn’t he’d do nothing of the sort, he thought, except lie. 
