Chapter Nineteen  Dan sat on the end of his bed and wondered who the guy in the linen suit was outside smiling and talking to his mum. Maybe she’d got pissy over Chendrill thumping him and this was the next one coming around. With any luck, the guy would own a burger franchise. Then he saw the man looking at him through the window from the road side smiling, giving him the thumbs up. Fuck he looked like that guy on the back of the buses, but different. Next thing, he was down in Dan’s room with his arm around him with one of Dan’s socks stuck to his foot, saying, “You are a good-looking young man, Daniel. I can tell you that.”   So, they keep saying, Dan thought, wondering if the guy was gay.    “Hey, you been fighting, you a boxer, are you?” the man was saying now, the smile still there etched on, but not false.    Dan said, “Mum’s guy thumped me out because I borrowed the car.”    Then the guy said, “My name’s Patrick.”   Fuck, he is the guy on the buses, Dan thought, then said, “We selling our house? Is that what it is?”    And not missing a beat, Patrick said back with a smile, “No Dan, we’re selling you. That’s what we’re doing.”******They sat in the kitchen, Dan eating, his mother Tricia sitting at the table. Patrick sitting holding court working out how much he could make if he offered them 1.3 million for the place right now and then did a back-end deal on a rack of town homes he’d have his developer buddy step in and throw up a month later. Then he looked back to Tricia, as he sipped his tea and looked at her tight legs sticking out from under the table. She was hot. Putting down his tea, he said, “You don’t know how big your son’s become.” She didn’t, he was right, she’d seen the posters scattered about the place and it had taken her an hour to realize that it was Dan.    She said, “I saw the posters, yes. Chuck told me they were worldwide.”    Chuck, Patrick thought, fucking Chendrill was already slipping in there, had to be, the way she’d said his name like they were an item. So, he said, “We talking about that big guy here, are we?”   “Yes, Chuck he makes sure Dan keeps out of trouble.”   Patrick looked to her son, the big shiner on his eye right there for the world to see. Then heard his mother say, “Chuck did that.”   Fuck me, Patrick thought, Chendrill coming round here, sleeping with mum and thumping out the talent. It wasn’t good. Still smiling, he said, “Well it looks good on you buddy—makes you look like a brute, like a guy who knows how to stick up for himself, like a real man should.”   Stick up for myself? Dan thought. First worked over by a one-hundred-and-fifty-pound gay guy with his man bag, then sucker punched by my mum’s boyfriend.    “But you’re not to go worrying about any of this,” Patrick said. “This is all my problem now.”   It is? How? How is it your problem that I got worked over because basically I was being a prick, Dan thought as he pulled out another four slices of pizza with smoked salmon and placed them on top of each other, making two sandwiches. And before he could speak, Patrick had answered his question.    “Because, young man, you need representation and Sebastian has asked me very nicely to do so. So, I am.”    And Dan asked straight back, “Who else you look after then?”   And smiling, Patrick lied, “Marsha and Samson and Samson’s girl Crazy Sue—she’s so talented, they’re clients, we were together yesterday down in L.A. talking about a movie deal with Tom Cruise—but Buffy takes care of them. You’ll be my main concern.”   Buffy, Dan thought as he stuffed so much of the first pizza sandwich into his mouth that it made his eye hurt. He remembered the big chick at the Sutton the night Marsha had kicked him out just because he was trying not to come and got her name wrong. He’d seen her in the lobby talking with some people and remembered her looking at him funny and realized he wasn’t wearing his trousers. He said, “Yeah I met Buffy.”   She’d taken him to the concierge who’d gotten him a dressing gown whilst she went up to Marsha’s suite and retrieved Dan’s clothes.    “She’s really good. Looks after people.”    And looking straight at Dan’s mum, Patrick said, “She’s the best out there, she really is, she works so hard, the only time she gets a good night’s sleep these days is on one of those executive jet’s bed when she’s off to work in Europe.”****** Chendrill stood staring at the blue Aston Martin sitting pretty in the showroom off Burrard Street.   “It’s second-hand, I got a good deal and you’ll need a run around,” Sebastian had said as though he was talking about a bicycle.  He’d called just after Chendrill had left Slave.    “And like you said, Dan needs to look good; besides Mazzi needs his car back. I’ve teased him long enough.”   He opened the door, feeling it’s weight, the wood on the inside varnished and perfect, the leather still like new.    “It’s just a year old,” he heard the salesman say to him from behind.    Sebastian struck a good deal. Chendrill got in, gripping the wooden steering wheel, the seat hard but luxurious, feeling as though it had been custom built just for him.  Fuck, he thought, I give his top model a smack in the chops and he orders me an Aston.    “I’ll have it ready for you this afternoon, sir,” said the guy leaning in, trying to sound English with his shoes perfectly shined and a smile.    Chendrill asked, “How much did he pay?”   “I’m not at liberty to comment, sir. But we sold a similar model some time back for around one hundred and eighty.”   Jesus Christ, Chendrill thought, one-hundred-and-eighty grand or there about on a run around.    “Do you need a metal key to start it or has it got one of those electronic devices that are being used these days.”   And the salesman replied, “Just the old-fashioned way with this model, sir, it has a very sophisticated alarm system though.    So did the Ferrari, Chendrill thought, but no key—just a sensor fitted because Mazzi kept getting the key stuck—so maybe Dan, the prick, will keep his hands off this one, unless he wants his other eye bruised.    He dropped the Ferrari off and walked back to the showroom and, shaking hands with the salesman, grabbed the car, adjusted the seat, and began to drive along the road. Ten minutes later, the phone rang. It was Sebastian with pure joy in his voice asking, “How does it feel?”    Different, he thought, less throaty than the Ferrari, but a little more refined.    “It’s a nice car. Thank you, Sebastian. You should be the one driving it, not me.”   “I’ve got my bicycle and Fluffy fits nicely in the little basket at the front,” Sebastian replied without trying to be clever.    He did have it, it was all he needed around town, except when it was raining—it was a nice Peugeot three speed, the same as he used to have when he was a kid, until it got stolen from outside the chip shop. Now, though, he had another, exactly the same, custom made, and delivered all the way from France, with a soft saddle and a little basket up front made especially for the dog.     “Anyway, I’ll need you to pick up a few plates for me. I don’t know your source but I’m glad you’ve got one.”   Then Chendrill asked, “Why, whose have you smashed now?” And the moment he said it, he knew it was his. And as stupid as Sebastian’s little ways were, the feeling of total shame came over him. So, he said, “Maybe I shouldn’t ask.”    Sebastian stayed silent for a moment. Then said, “If I was angry with you I wouldn’t have gotten you the Aston, would I, Chuck?”   He was right, he would have waited, which was probably what he did do. Then Sebastian asked, “Are you coming out tonight? Everyone’s invited, Dan included, Marsha and Buffy are coming up and a couple of others Patrick’s invited.”   “Patrick?”   “Yes, he’s been to Hollywood.”******They all met at the Fish House in the center of Stanley park and sat around a huge table set aside from everyone else. Marsha making a late appearance with Buffy and a bodyguard following behind, picked up by Patrick from an agency in town. Dan sat on the other side of the table with a black eye, not giving a shit. Mazzi hating it all because of Chendrill’s shirt. Patrick holding court, smiling and dazzling the place with his charm. Sebastian just happy sitting in amongst them all, his bicycle parked and locked up alongside the Ferrari that could park itself and the Aston Martin that just looked cool. Mazzi turned to him, saying, “It’s never going to work.”    Sebastian looked to Patrick oozing personality, “Give him time.” Mazzi looked to Patrick with his arm around that big slut Marsha, who smelled of fish, and then turned back to Sebastian. “I’m not talking about him. As long as he still had a tongue, he could go anywhere and do anything. I’m talking about Chendrill and the Aston.”   “What about him now?’   “You got it all wrong, Sebastian. Look at him—you had it right with the Ferrari, but you’ve got it wrong with the Aston, look at his shirt, he’s not James Bond.”   Sebastian looked over, noticing Chendrill staring at Marsha’s breasts, and looked at his shirt for the fiftieth time. Mazzi was right, as always, he’d seen it as soon as he’d pulled up in the car—his shirt a red Hawaiian, the car a deep navy blue.    “He should be wearing a tux,” Mazzi said, and he wasn’t wrong. Then Mazzi said, “we should have had this at your place, I knew it. People are going to talk.”    Sebastian laughed, Mazzi getting it right, but now, as always, taking it too far. The next thing he’d be saying was that they should cancel the evening.    “Maybe one of us should go ill and blow this off,” Mazzi said running both hands along his purple colored silk trousers that looked cool.    “Don’t be silly Mazzi,” Sebastian said as Mazzi carried on regardless.   “We’ve got that slut here, and Dan now, and you know the trouble he causes. There’ll be Paps waiting at the end of the evening and if someone takes a shot of your big guy getting in the car, then where will we be?”   “They’ll be here Mazzi. Don’t think for a moment they won’t. I’m quite sure that’s why we’re here. I wouldn’t doubt it if Patrick hasn’t called them himself.”    Mazzi rubbed his hand through his highlights, took a swig of his white wine, and said quietly to himself, “Jesus!”   Sebastian laughed as Mazzi looked at him as serious as he could ever be.   “I’ve gone and got myself involved in a freak show,” Mazzi said, as he felt Sebastian lean in and say, “Of your making, ultimately Mazzi. Sit back and enjoy the evening. Give Patrick the space he needs and in the end, we’ll both reap the benefits. Believe me.”   The night passed and as predicted, the paparazzi began to gather outside. Dan sitting there not talking and eating, his eye still hurting. Marsha trying to look cool and staring at Dan. Mazzi forgetting about the shirt, drunk now on white wine and feeling playful, telling Patrick how he’s seen the prints of him and that pretty girl and knows how he likes it. Chendrill listening and looking to Sebastian raising his eyebrows now and again, being a friend, and then through the window to the side as the small crowd that was gathering stood on tip toes trying to grab whatever glimpse they could of Marshaa and the new kid on the block with the swollen eye. Then in amongst them, he saw Rann standing there in his turban looking straight at him.    Fuck, that was all he needed, he thought. Getting a nice night out and now the chances were that he was going to have to deal with this idiot again. The guy was becoming a pain.  ******He stared at him through the window as Rann stared back, challenging him. The guy was a nut, he thought. What was it with him? He’d tried it on with blackmail and this time it hadn’t worked, but that was life when you were self-employed, sometimes it did, sometimes it didn’t. Slowly he got up, excused himself, and headed for the toilet. He made his way through the kitchen and let himself out the back door, down the steps, onto the paving slabs that lined the building, and then out of nowhere he felt the East Indian’s foot slam itself hard into his throat, knocking him to the ground and sending another electric shock of pain through his body from the impact to his broken ribs.    Quickly, he got to his feet as the next blow came, this time to the other side of his throat. Fuck me, Chendrill thought, this guy was fast. Trying as hard as he could to breathe, knowing he was in trouble, he stood again. This time he could see where the guy was coming from, catching his silhouette in the light from the kitchen window as he came at him again, flying through the air for the third time. Standing straight this time and spinning, shielding his throat from the blow with his arm and bringing his other elbow in hard and fast into the man’s crotch, Chendrill felt the East Indian’s testicles crush themselves into his bony groin. He watched as Rann landed on one leg and backed away, the pain from the blow not quite hitting, but both of them knowing that in a few seconds it would.    Still finding it hard to breathe, Chendrill went for the man again, feigning a head shot and sweeping the East Indian off his feet. Rann landed, but flipped up again just as quick. Chendrill knew now the first two hits weren’t cheap shots and hadn’t landed by luck. The guy was a trained fighter and a good one at that.    He took a deep breath and prepared for the next assault, his left arm down protecting his broken ribs that now seemed to be causing more pain than when they were first broken. Then he said to the guy standing there in the darkness, all in black with his turban, “Why don’t you let this be it and we’ll call it quits.” But he could see it wasn’t going to be that easy.    Then he heard the guy say back, his London accent coming through strong now, “You think that just cause I ripped your shirt, that’s going to be enough after you broke my computer over my head?”    And knocked you out twice, Chendrill thought. He looked down quick seeing his shirt in the light from the window. It was ripped, his favorite one at that as well, the prick. Then he said, “So, what do you want to do so as we can both walk away?”    “Tell that smarmy cunt in there he still owes me the $100,000 he promised. And tell the foul-mouthed fag he owes me an apology and the fucking Ferrari or he’ll be dealing with me and the tax man—and once that starts, it’ll ruin everyone’s Christmas.”    Chendrill stood there wanting to get hold of him and end it, but he knew better. He’d been lucky the first couple of times catching him off guard, but not now, not here. The man was pumped up and ready for a fight, you could see that, his eyes looking vicious, the way he stood, ready to go. Not like the baker. This guy was good and fast and then suddenly, he wondered how the Gurkha would have dealt with him—that little fucker, as tough as nails, and deadly. It was an easy answer, the East Indian would be dead, no question. But Chendrill wasn’t Bahadur, and Bahadur wasn’t here to help as he had been previously, sorting out Chendrill’s fight for him and probably saving his life in the process. Chendrill said, “The tax situation’s sorted, so you can fuck off on that one and same goes for your apology as well. And Patrick no longer cares about the photos, so go fuck yourself on that one too.”    Then he heard the East Indian say, “This ain’t over.” And he turned and walked away around to the front of the restaurant. Chendrill put his hand to his throat and felt the bruising from the kicks, both delivered with power and accuracy and designed no doubt to close the throat and leave him easy prey, gasping for breath. Had the third connected, it would have been lights out. But like he said, it ain’t over, and it wasn’t.    He looked at his shirt, ripped now completely. Fuck and it had been a good one, Chendrill saving it for something special, like tonight or a new ride, both of which had come on the same day and now look at it. He reached into his pocket, the keys to Aston Martin still there.    In under thirty minutes, he was back in the restaurant, the only clean shirt had been a white one with frills on the front given to him as a gift by his auntie years back; but in a strange way, it kind of fitted the car, so what the hell.    Pulling up outside the restaurant he got out, blasted by the Paparazzi as he did. Reaching the restaurant, he moved past Patrick, still holding court, and from behind he put his arms around Sebastian and Mazzi and said jokingly, “Sorry I was gone so long. I felt as though the shirt I was wearing didn’t go with the car, so I went home and changed.”    There was hope, Mazzi thought, as he watched Chendrill walk away, still in disbelief from what he’d said. The frilly top looked good on him for once, reminding him of one of those sexy flamenco dancers he liked to fuck whenever he got himself drunk down in the Baja. Turning, he said to Sebastian, “Your magic’s working dear, it really is. Now just stop him from staring at that slut’s tits and you’re halfway there.”    Putting his hand on Dan’s shoulder, Chendrill sat down next to him, his ribs smarting again now as he sat and said, “You okay?”    Dan answered, “Why don’t you ask my eye?”   Fucking baby, Chendrill thought, so he said, “It’s simple, if you don’t like it, don’t steal.”   He looked over to Marsha, playing with her hair, still being held captive in conversation by Patrick, making occasional glimpses towards Dan, who was still eating long after everyone else had stopped—apart from Marsha who had not even started. Then Dan said, “Who thumped you in the throat?”   Chendrill stared at him, wondering how he knew, and asked simply, “Why do you ask?”   “Because it’s swollen and I saw you standing out back squaring off against some guy in a turban.”   “And what else did you see?”   “He fucked up your shirt.”   “Did anyone else here see?”   Dan shook his head. Then said, “How can they, it’s impossible to get away from the guy off the back of the bus.”   Chendrill looked over to Patrick, Buffy with him now, listening in great detail as he spoke. Marsha flipping her hair and looking good while she talked with Sebastian, who’d moved over to sit with her and was trying to hold her hand. Mazzi Hegan getting his camera out. Then he heard Dan say, “How come you keep getting beaten up all the time.”    Chendrill shot him a look, saying, “Go look in the mirror and ask that question again to the guy staring back at you.”   Then Dan said, “Yeah, you’re right. You were lucky; sometimes those guys carry hockey sticks, I got one looking for me, they can get nasty. The only one I know who keeps calm is the guy who drives this lot about, he’s cool and he keeps the lawn trim so he can sniff around mum.”   Chendrill looked at him.   “What do you mean sniff around mum?”    Then Dan looked up, frowning, and changed the subject, “Something’s going down; I can feel it.” Chendrill looked around, hearing Dan say, “The gay guy’s got his camera out, and he’s got that look he gets when he’s about to start taking his photos, same as he did that night in his apartment when he caught me in there eating his food.”   Chendrill remembered it differently. Looking around, he could see that Marsha was starting to cry, her eyes tearing up.    “What’s up with her?”    Dan leaned back in his chair saying, “It’s because I’m not talking to her. She’s getting pissed off. She’s not used to that.”    Then Chendrill asked him, “Yeah, what is it with you? Why are you sitting here like a dick and following me about when you’ve got her all gooey over you?”   “It’s what Patrick told me to do. He’s my new manager. He said just keep away from her all night and when the shit hits the fan, look cool.”    And then she came at him, Marsha there crying, moving towards Dan, Dan sitting there leaning back looking cool one foot up on a chair. Patrick moved himself quickly between them, his linen shirt open, holding his arms up feigning concern as Marsha wound up by a couple of hours’ worth of his subliminal messaging forgot herself and who she was, forgot to look good, forgot her supermodel status, which for the moment was broken down and gone. Then Patrick was grabbing her, holding her, comforting her as he moved himself and her towards Dan, who could care less. Patrick acting like a knight in shining armour holding off Dan with his free arm. And Dan going nowhere, as Patrick controlled the situation and let Mazzi get the candid photos he needed for Sebastian to put Patrick on the map.