Chapter TwentyRann was feeling good now, about himself at least, walking back along the seawall watching the girls pass by on English Bay, and wondering whether he’d be able to pick one up if he stopped. Getting the big fucker in the throat twice and ripping his nice shirt had settled the score a bit, but his nuts had paid the price; and although the intense pain had gone, the bruising was still there. But that would pass, physical pain always did with him, the torment from insults and slights though left deep scars that manifested quickly into such hatred that there was little he could do to control the thoughts of revenge that always came with it.   The Irishman had been the same, calling him a Paki straight off the bat, when he’d done nothing more than be polite. Ripping into him like he had for no reason other than that he was a racist married to a woman with the same colored skin as Rann himself had.    They’d met again in a hotel bar after the bickering on the river had settled down and reached a deal. A dollar twenty-five for a packet of six Sildenafil 25 mg mixed with sugar and a bit of caffeine to give a bit of energy to whoever thought their luck was in.     The Irishman was drinking whisky again, his wife with him dressed in a tight dress showing off her figure and legs. Rann wondered if her friend was going to show. The Irishman wasn’t calling him a Paki now and said he needed his advance. Rann said, “I’ll give you that tomorrow.”   “Why not tonight?”    He could, Rann thought, he had enough now after pulling the max out of two credit cards for the last couple of weeks and storing it away in the hotel safe, but the Irishman was shifty, so he asked, “How much advance we talking then?”   “Fifty percent.”    Fuck me, that’s just over twenty grand, Rann thought. The guy was such a prick he could go on a bender and drink or gamble away the lot and all he’d have to show for it was a box of tabs that were full of talcum powder. So, he offered him two thousand US right there and said, “This should get you started.”    The Irishman had said, “I’m not a focking charity. You want me to finance the operation and put me life on the line, then you need to pay for that focking privilege, because I telling you I don’t deal with focking losers.”    Here he goes again. Rann thought as the Irishman carried on saying.   “I’ll set it all up for you’se, but I’ll need the fucking money to do so, so stop focking with me and being a cunt. Or like I said before I’ll be focking off, so don’t waste me focking time.”    Rann stared at the man, his bald head red now from the outburst, trying to work out if the guy was straight. Fifty percent was enough to buy a house out here. He asked, “Why’d you need twenty grand right now, you going to go buy the shit right off the bat? I’ll give you five tonight.” He added, “And after I see what comes back I’ll start paying out more.”    The first batch arrived four days later, the Irishman’s wife going off with the cash to where the monkeys run riot to get the stuff as requested, while her husband ran riot himself. Rann keeping close tabs on the guy, watching him as they sat in the clubs, drinking whisky and getting his dick sucked in the back, calling him a Paki again as Rann watched the girl painting hearts with the soap suds in the shower booth at the side of the stage.    Then he saw the wife’s friend, her hair dyed blonde, her legs long toned and sexy, walking through the place, coming up and talking to Paddy. Paddy smiling, as she looked at Rann sitting there in his white turban and white shirt feeling good. The Irishman leaning in now, telling him his wife’s back and they should go and meet.    They took a corner booth at the sports bar in Rann’s hotel, Rann sitting opposite the Irishman’s wife who looked like a monkey, giving him the look, her silk dress tight pushing her boobs up, her friend the Thai blond sitting next to him, her knee touching his, making him feel special.    Digging into his pocket, the Irishman handed Rann a packet; he had two on him he said. Any more he’d get into grief if he was caught. Rann looked at them all sitting there in their little bubbles with the letters ‘RS’ printed across the top of each pill and the words ‘ROCK SOLID’ printed bold across the silver lined backing with ‘Herbal Supplement’ in small print along it’s base.    “Try one,” the Irishman said. Rann sat there staring at the packet. The Irishman was right, he’d have to try the goods—this packet, and selected ones from the boxes when they started to arrive for real. Paddy carried on as he took another hit off his whisky.    “Take a tablet, you cunt, you’ve paid for the focking things, haven’t you just? So focking use them, take this focking blonde bitch back and give her a screwing be Jesus man. If not her, the bitch in the shower you can’t keep your focking eyes off.”   The Irishman said as he sat there, his eyes all glassy now. Listening to his new business partner saying, “I ain’t paying for it, it ain’t me.”   The Irishman stared at him, surprised, saying, “Look at you all high and mighty, what makes you better than all the other people round here? I’ll buy the focking bitch for you if that’s what you want. You focking tight bastard.”    Says the man drunk on the whisky I’ve been paying for all evening, Rann thought as he watched him nodding as he listened to his wife and her friend talking in Thai to each other as though he could understand what they were saying.   Then he asked the Irishman, “Why’d you do that, pretending to be following what they’re saying in Thai, nodding your head and all that like you understand?”   Reaching out, the Irishman grabbed his arm and held it tight, and said, “It lets ’em think I know what the fuck they’re saying so as they don’t try to fuck me over, ya focking idiot.”   Rann looked back at him, the man’s eyes waterier than ever, celebrating his cut of the five grand he’d taken no doubt. Rann gave it some thought, staring at the girls, their long hair hanging straight down their slight backs. He said, “But if you knew what they were saying, you’d be talking with them, joining in, not sitting there like some guy who’s had his tongue ripped out. How do you know they ain’t calling you a dopey cunt for doing just that and you’re sitting there agreeing with them as they do.”   Rann was right, the Irishman knew it right there and then, the reality of it all sinking in. He could see it in his eyes and without a word, he got up and left.    Rann sat there and watched him go, then turning back to his wife, looked her straight in the eye and said, “What you doing wasting your life away hanging out with a cunt like that?”    But the wife didn’t understand him and all she said back was, “Me—my friend like you. We like this.” As they both reached out gently touching the top of his turban with her long fingers. Then she said, “We want know, how long your hair?”   And Rann said, “The only way you get to know that is if you sleep with me.”     And that evening they’d come to him in his hotel room. The night long over with, the Irishman so drunk he could barely walk—saying to Rann as he’d walked out the hotel lobby how he was going to use his Rock Solid brand and fuck both the girls sideways, but he was a drunk and drunks just slept. And here they both were in his room, less than an hour later, as the drunken prick slept back at his place. Rann inquiring about where he was. Both saying, “He drunk!” Grinning and making sleeping gestures with their hands as they spoke and walked about the suite he now had that was bigger than his own place back home. The girls looking good in there, away from it all, parading about in their tight silk outfits and long legs, smiling at him calling him Mr. Rann and opening the mini bar without asking.    They took him to the bedroom and laid him down, gently pulling off his turban and releasing his hair so it flowed down his back when they sat him up to see it’s length. Then they started to kiss him, both at the same time licking his face and eyes, taking it in turn to bite his lips as the other waited, both still fully clothed in their tight dresses kneeling on the king size bed.    The Irishman’s wife let go of him, pulled her tongue from his mouth and reached into her purse, bringing out a packet of his pills, popped three through the silver backed lining and dropped one into his mouth and said, “One you, one me, one my friend.”    They took him to the shower and stripped him bare then stripped each other bare, then left him there on the outside looking in as they climbed in, turning on the jets, feeling each other, rubbing each other, kissing each other hard as though they were alone and it was what they liked to do. Rann watched, standing there naked, his ass propped against the sink, their asses and backs and stomachs and breasts pressed against the glass of the shower stall as the water sprayed around them as they soaped each other down all over and drew soap hearts on the glass just for him. Then it was his turn, in there with them both, the water pulling his hair— longer than theirs—towards the ground as his hands ran soap all over the women’s beautiful bodies, the blonde kissing him as the Irishman’s wife, who looked like a monkey, sucked away on his solid cock just as her husband had told him she liked to.     They took him to the bed, laid him there still kissing him, taking it in turns to suck him. Then they turned and sat on him—one on his cock riding him as the other sat on his face. Rann felt himself solid inside each of them, his tongue digging deeper each time into them, feeling their juices flowing down into his mouth and across his cheeks as the other pressed down on him riding him hard, feeling his size within them as they bucked up and down on him, fucking him hard, feeling their tightness around his cock, hearing both each time he fucked them call out ‘Hoy, Hoy, Hoy,’ with every thrust. Then they made him fuck their asses, and that’s when they really got going. It went on and on, back and front and every which way Rann could imagine, for hours and hours until the sun came up.    The new RS Rock Solid brand was working well.    The first thing the Irishman said to him the next day was, “Have you tried out those tablets yet because I focking have and they work focking fine I can tell you that.”   Yeah, I did, on your wife and her best friend, Rann thought as he sat down and ordered a beer. Then he lied.    “Not yet no.” Then he asked, “Where’s your Missus?”   “She’s focking tired, your tablets, I given it to her all focking night I has.”   Yeah right.    Then he said to the East Indian in the turban, “I’ve the first box of your tablets in the back of the car. I’ll meet you tonight and you can give me another five grand or you can give me the whole amount. Save us a lot of fucking about and get the job done.”  ******But he couldn’t give the Irishman anything like that anymore, Rann thought as he stopped and sat on a bench, giving his nuts a break from the hit this Chendrill guy in the shirt had just given him down there. The Irishman was dead now. He remembered him laying there at the bottom of the stairs—his wife, who he’d fucked the night before, long gone and the new price of the tablets the Irishman had asked for written across the forehead of the King and the Queen.    It had been too much, the Irishman taking him out again to another club that looked no different to all the others in Rann’s eyes—the girls all up on stage with their scarred bellies and sad eyes, the wife in another league and knowing it, sitting with him giving Rann a knowing look whenever her husband fucked off to take a piss, and Rann wondering what was going to happen after Paddy fell asleep as he’d made them come so hard the night before.    Then the Irishman, coming back from the toilet with his phone to his ear, had said, “There’s a problem we need to talk.”   He’d taken them out back, bottles of beer in crates up the top of the stairs ready to fill up the foreigners with poison so as they could buy the girls out and take them home. The Irishman stood there with his wife saying, “The pharmacist says he can’t make it work with the price he’s getting; he needs more cash.”    Rann looking at the guy now, telling him, “We had a deal.”    The Irishman lit up a cigarette, blowing out the smoke, then saying, “Well the deals focking off, because the cunt can’t make it work, he needs more money. He needs double, he says he has to pay off the cops.”   “Well, pay him out of your share,” Rann had said.    “That is not negotiable, I’m telling you this. I’m doing you a favor and you’s trying to turn me over. You Paki cunt. You’re not doing that.”   They both stood silent for a moment, Rann wanting to thump the guy right there and make him chew on his words. Then the Irishman carried on, “He needs double, I told you at the start you need to pay $5 a pack and I’m getting you it for half that and that’s what it is.”   Rann tried to keep cool and doing some math in his head quickly said, “That was for 100mg of the Sildenafil, I broke it into quarters. That’s why we did the deal at a dollar twenty-five US.”   “The cops don’t care a fock what percentage of focking shit is in it. What you could have a barrel load of the cum focking juice and they don’t care. They want their cut and it’s what you pay or you can fock off with your deal; it’s simple. Look—this is how it works.”   Quickly, the Irishman pulled out a pen and with his cigarette clasped firmly between his lips, began to look around for a piece of paper, and, not seeing one, he reached up to a picture of the royals on the wall and began to write numbers out on top of the King’s forehead. Rann, shouted at him, saying, “Don’t write on the King, show some respect.”   But the Irishman hadn’t any, not for anyone, not even for himself, and he’d carried on defacing the King and writing numbers across his forehead and the Queen’s tits, saying, “You pay for focking—25mg of the chemical, you pay same price—25 mg for the cops—same cost as the 25 mg of the chemical—pharmacist—I get half of the cost of a focking mg for me and I do all the work running about arranging and collecting, that’s how it works, you stupid focking gobshite.”   And then he’d seen him at the bottom of the stairs lying there twisted and broken, beer bottles all over the place, his wife who looked like a monkey and liked to suck cock nowhere to be seen—just him and the drunken Paddy, who was dead with his arm broken, wrapped around the backside of his head.    Rann looked up, staring at a gang of East Indian teenagers walking along the sea wall trying to look tough with the cops—just kids themselves, but in uniform—following right behind them trying to look tougher. Then he stood and adjusted his crotch, still hurting from Chendrill. Maybe the wife had pushed him, he thought, had enough of the drunken prick after getting fucked properly by a Sikh, a real man. It’d had to be her who’d done it, he thought. He’d worked it all out and done the math. She had twenty-six hundred packets containing now 30,000 odd tablets. If she split them up and sold them for ten bucks a pop on the street over the next year, she and her friend would be set up for life. They’d come over to see if the stuff worked, put on a show for him, and sat on his face, and as much as he’d liked it at the time —the thought of it all now made him want to puke.    The same thing though had happened with Rasheed, them talking, then Rasheed laying there dead. And Rann not remembering in between. Wondering if it was his temper, the one the school teachers back in Hounslow used to write about at the end of the year, telling his grandparents how he had to learn control.