Chapter Twenty-OneSebastian wasn’t happy. It seemed to him only he and Chendrill were not in on the plot. He felt sorry for the young girl getting all upset, and angry at Patrick for using her that way, and at Mazzi for knowing what was going on and not saying a word. But Mazzi knew him and how sensitive he could be, and Sebastian was just as annoyed at himself for not seeing the forest for the trees until the last second when he’d gone over to try and console the poor love.   But he’d settled things down in his own way, holding her hand and letting her know that she was just a girl and still special and boys can be like that. “And for goodness sake—I should know!” he’d said in a camp, exaggerated way to make her laugh, whilst Hegan still snapped off shots, which looked great, as always. Mazzi working his magic the way he did, capturing not only what was going on but the emotions that got them into the situation in the first place. He was a talent—that was one thing you could never take away from him, even if he couldn’t drive.    Looking down he picked up Fluffy and placed him on his lap, the little dog who’d inherit millions if Sebastian died first, dropping from a heart attack or mysteriously falling down the stairs.    The first person to call when the pictures were leaked to the press was Gill Banton and Sebastian could tell she was still in bed—and not alone at that. She asked, “What are you up to, Sebastian?”   “Sorry?”   “You have a meal and don’t invite me?”   “I’m sorry.”   “I was thinking of coming up. How would you feel about me signing the BlueBoy guy?”   Wow, that was a big one, Sebastian thought. If he let that happen, Dan would hit superstar status for real within a year. But it was too early for the kid, so he said, “Sorry, he’s signed with us.”   “What about a buyout?”   “Sorry.”    Gill was silent for a moment. Sebastian, certain he could hear the sheets moving, said, “Are you in bed?”    Gill carried on, “And who’s this guy?”   “Which guy?”   “The one who came to my barbecue and spent the afternoon chatting up my clients and Buffy.”   “Patrick, he’s into real estate.”   “Are you sure? He looks like an agent in the photos.”   Good, Sebastian, thought that’s exactly what he wanted to hear, and carried on, letting her know now she had problems.   “Well maybe he’s taking up a new hobby, Gill.”    Gill stayed silent for the moment. As much as Marsha was a pain, she was her pain, and it was not good to lose clients. She said, “Thank you darling,” and hung up. If anything, Sebastian was honest. It was a tough world he’d grown rich in and he’d done so by never stabbing anyone in the back—in the front, yes, as he had just done with Gill Banton, but at least he’d been honest, and, for that matter, the bitch had threatened him with blackmail.    Sebastian stared at the photos—Patrick there holding Marsha back as she tried to reach Dan, who was sitting there nonchalantly just staring back. Patrick full of concern, never looking to camera, Buffy framed perfectly in the background, her hands out trying to help.    Where was Marsha’s bodyguard? Sebastian thought, as he looked through the photos and remembered him standing discreetly by the door throughout the meal. But where did he go? Paid off no doubt, he thought—Patrick not wanting anyone else to rain on his parade. He shuffled through the pictures some more. Chendrill there but doing nothing, just sitting, watching, looking sexy with his hairy chest sticking out of the front of his new white frilly shirt, taken by Mazzi, no doubt, just for him. He’d keep that one, he thought—keep it for later when Fluffy was asleep. ******Marsha was still in a tizz when she got up in her bed in the executive suite that Patrick had reserved for her at the Grand, which was twice as big as the one she usually stayed in and had a view across the water to the mountains on the other side.    How could Dan have ignored her like that? Her coming all the way up here to see him and all. Patrick doing all he could to help her when she got upset, as the other men in the place stared at her all night, especially the big flamenco guy; but not Mazzi though or Sebastian, for some reason they didn’t seem interested, which was odd. Buffy, though, seemed more with it now since Patrick was looking after things—even lending her some tampons, which was a first. Normally she’d say something like ‘use one of your sweaters, they’re the same size,’ or something bitchy like that, and by the time Marsha had understood what the girl had said, they’d be on another plane heading to some other place that made you sweat.    Patrick was good; she liked him. Dan was signing with him soon, so he must be. And he said he was going to get him a three-picture deal as well. Dan was going to be a movie star and model on the weekends or between pictures. Patrick said Dan was Oscar bound and you couldn’t beat that, he’d said. He’d also said he had some crazy young girls from Vesuvius who were going to set the world on fire and he hoped that Gill Banton had some aces up her sleeve, as he didn’t want to see her left behind.     Later she’d asked Buffy where Vesuvius was and she’d said it was a volcano in Italy, and she’d said to Buffy, “no wonder then Patrick’s girls are so hot, coming from there. No wonder they were going to set the world on fire.” Patrick was going to do everything for all these people and what was her agent doing for her? Laying in bed, like everyone says she did. Patrick, though, he was making it happen. He’d said that, he said he was the best—he had the key to make the world turn, but she always thought they kept that in Fort Knox.    Picking up the phone, she looked for the number for her agent that Buffy had left next to the phone, as always, and as soon as Gill Banton had answered Marsha asked, “Patrick said he’s got the key to make the world turn. Why haven’t you got it?”   Gill Banton stayed quiet for the moment; she’d just had the biggest orgasm of her life courtesy of this hot young Cuban one of her scouts had found and could hardly get her breath.   “Marsha, who’s Patrick?” she said.   “Dan’s agent.”    “I thought Dan was with Sebastian.”   “Dan’s not gay Gill, you know that.”   “That’s not what I meant, I thought he’d signed with ‘Slave’.”   “Dan’s with Patrick, he’s got some Italian talent coming in and he’s worried I’m going to get left behind, and so am I.”   “It’s hard to be left behind when you’re sitting at the top, Marsha, and that’s where you are, and I put you there. No hot bit of fluff from Italy is going to steal that from you as long as you are with me. So, don’t worry, I’ve got you flying out to Milan in two days.”    “But those girls come from inside a volcano, that’s why they’re so hot—Buffy told me that.”    “Buffy told you that?”   “Yeah she’s been really good since she’s been working for Patrick. She even let me use her tampons.” ******Still wet, Gill Banton headed down the highway towards LAX and was on the next plane heading up to Vancouver—where the little people lived. If word got out that she’d lost her biggest client to one of them, then the rest would soon follow and she’d be back to square one. It happened—not to her yet—but it had to others. Vancouver was a small town, but it was the headquarters for Slave, and because of Sebastian, they were bigger than most.     She took a limo to the Sutton and asked for Marsha’s room. She wasn’t there.    Fuck. She took a suite, and called a guy she knew who’d moved back here over the summer because his visa had expired and lined him up for the night.    He’d looked good in his head shots and had what it took downstairs to make her smile, but every door she opened for him closed a little too quick, and in the end, she’d given up. For the moment, he’d do though—he knew what she liked.    She reached her suite, with its windows that didn’t open, and called Sebastian.    “I’m in town and I’m coming over,” was all she said and then hung up. There was no fucking around in her world.    An hour later, she was in Slave’s offices and walking up and down along the side of the boardroom table, saying to Sebastian and Mazzi Hegan, who had his feet up on the other side, “Sebastian, don’t make me put a contract out on your dog. You need to tell me where you’ve got her hidden.”   Mazzi Hegan smiled. He loved this shit, these agents who could do nothing but talk and manipulate. He was never surprised by the depths they could sink to—and the bit about killing Fluffy was about as low as he’d seen this one get.    Sebastian laughed, saying, “No one’s kidnapped your client, Gill. She’d answer your calls if she wanted to speak to you.”    “She’s supposed to be preparing for Milan, she’s due there in two days.”   Preparing to do what, pout? Mazzi Hegan thought as he ran his fingers through his frosted tips and pulled his feet from the table. Then he said in his best Swedish accent, “The mirrors here are just as good as your ones down there you know.”   “Fuck off, you Swedish cunt, and mind your own business,” Gill Banton snapped back.    And then with a smile, Mazzi Hegan said back as calm as possible, “You’re losing your cool, baby, and you’re losing your star client.”   “Like I said, mind your own business and be careful I don’t go after your BlueBoy Dan. You know I can if I want. I’ll take him with me in the jet back to L.A., along with Marshaa.”   “If you can find her.”******Patrick was still getting calls from the advertisements running through town, and estimated he had lost out on at least three hundred thousand over the last few weeks, but he didn’t care. He had bigger fish to fry now and was enjoying playing games. The pictures he’d seen of himself on the front pages of the newspapers in town and on the internet had been sensational. He was going places, he could feel it.    Gill Banton was in town, wanting to see her star client, but thanks to the heads up from Sebastian, they were already on their way back to L.A.—Marsha sitting there looking cool in her big leather chair by the window drinking a cocktail that looked like something out of a comic. Buffy across the way watching a DVD on her computer. Patrick behind them both, laying it on thick to the flight attendant who he was certain was going to let him sleep with her as soon as they arrived in town. And for free, which would be a first for him in a long time; alright, the cost of the private jet had been $20,000, but who was counting? He had Marsha at his side, and with her around, the world was treating him differently. The only problem he had now was that Gill Banton was in Vancouver, and knowing agents of any breed, she’d try to grab Dan whilst she was there. Contracted to Slave or not, she had the clout to pull it off.    And that was exactly what she was going to do.  ****** Dan had been looking at the outline of a huge carrot that was shaped like a dick that he’d found in the fridge when the doorbell rang. And now he had this woman in his kitchen who was hot like his mum, and wondered why she was coming on to him. Showing off her legs and tits and staring into his eyes, she told him he was going to be a star while he tried to explain to her, “Truth is, I’m more into electronics. Besides I don’t want to be starved and hang around gay guys all day for the next two decades.”    But whatever he said, the more she would stare at him. She wanted him to fuck her, he could feel that, his every bodily function he had as a young man was letting him know. And with Chendrill out to lunch with his mum, as they liked to do, the timing couldn’t be better. He said taking a chance, “Why don’t you stop pouting at me like you are and just come downstairs and talk to me about this in my room.”    Gill Banton stared at the young man sitting there in the kitchen of this shit hole house just in his jeans, and from the bulge and outline of his cock it was obvious he was wearing no underwear, and she loved that. It had been making her wetter and wetter as she’d stood there looking at him with his hard stomach and broken nose and shiner. Now he was hitting on her. She should do it, she thought. Usually these guys did that because they wanted a contract with her and most of the time it never materialized. But this BlueBoy guy whose address she’d gotten from her paparazzi friend didn’t seem bothered—he just wanted to fuck her. If she did, chances are she’d never get the contract with him and this prick Patrick would; after all, he was friends with Sebastian and he obviously had it in for her.    She stared at him, sitting there eating, a piece of toast still stuck to the side of his mouth—then he felt it there, making him itch and catching it out the corner of his eye. Sticking his tongue out, he tried to reach it, then with extra effort, he stretched out his tongue long and tight and caught the piece, and, still staring at her, slipped it into his mouth like a lizard.    Fuck, the guy was hot, she thought, smoking hot. No wonder Slave had picked him up like they had. That broken nose and chiselled looks and attitude, staying silent she stared at him as he looked back, chomping on the toast he was stuffing into his mouth and hadn’t offered to her, but he was offering her something else and it would taste better than what he was eating. She moved her legs and could feel herself wet inside, her irrational thinking taking over like it always did whenever she got horny. She wanted him, who cared what happened after. All she wanted him to do was take her to his room downstairs or wherever it was in this cave of a home and for him to go Neanderthal on her—pin her down and make her come over and over. And as she did she could look up at him with his broken nose and black eye and scream and bite her top lip hard the way she did so that it made her pussy tingle even more.    And then, without regard for her career or consequences for the future, she said, “Yeah come on then, take me to your room and fuck me hard.”   Fuck me, thought Dan, he hadn’t been expecting that. Usually it was something more like his glass of Coca-Cola thrown in his face. What was he supposed to do now? This chick in her forties wanting him to plow it home, getting herself all hot and bothered because she keeps looking down at the carrot he’d found in the fridge and stuck down his jeans.   She was hot though and really did kind of look like his mum, which was a turn on in itself. Her tits hanging out and her skirt short enough to be sexy, her legs all tanned and smooth. He stared at her. She was toned, nice flat stomach, nice legs, sexy shoes everything, wow.    Now she was leaning in on him and he could feel her hand on his knee and, as she got closer, he smelled her perfume, her soft hair touching his face as she got closer and whispered into his ear, “Fuck me right now.” Then she moved her head back and pushed her lips against his, feeling them on his, tasting her lipstick as he felt himself getting hard as she pushed her tongue inside his mouth, which still had remnants of the peanut butter and marmalade sandwich he’d just wolfed down. Pulling back, he looked at her face closely, seeing the minute soft womanly hairs around her cheeks, then she looked down to his crotch and said, “Oh my God. You’ve got two cocks.”    And Dan, thinking quickly, said, “Yeah I was born like that.”   Gill Banton began to breathe deeply, her heart beginning to race more than she’d felt it do in a long time. She’d heard about this phenomena in men, but had always thought it was a myth, and now she had one right here in front of her. No wonder Marsha was up here seeking him out and getting herself in such a mess in the papers like she had. Now it all made sense.    She leaned in again, this time trailing her hand along his leg, moving it slowly towards his crotch, savoring the moment. Saying to him as she did, “Fuck me with your two cocks, fuck me with your two cocks.”   She reached the top, feeling the big one first, which was rock hard, and then the other which was now almost the same and jerking, almost pumping beneath his denim. Suddenly she needed this man to take her, needed to feel him above her, holding her, taking her. Pushing herself back, she pulled her skirt up around her waist, ripped her knickers down, and laid herself out across the kitchen table. She closed her eyes and felt her breasts, touching them uncontrollably, pulling them from her bra and squeezing her nipples beneath her slight and tender hands—feeling the shock waves run down to her groin as she did. She wanted him, wanted him to come to her with his two cocks and let him do to her something she’d never experienced before in her life.   Unable to resist herself, she moved her hand down and felt her own moistness and as soon as she did, she came, gasping as she felt her fingers rubbing slowly up and down, the sensation of her hardness stuck between her fingers, she called out, “Fuck me BlueBoy, come and fuck me with your two cocks.”   And opening her eyes, she looked up to see Charles Chuck Chendrill and Dan’s mum standing in the kitchen watching her and as quick as a flash, she was up off the table in one fluid motion, putting her tits away and pulling her skirt down, she stood and offering out her dry hand, said, “Hi, Mr. and Mrs. Treadle, I’m Gill Banton of Banton Talent, up from Los Angeles and looking to represent your son.”*******Dan sat in his room downstairs listening to the muffled voices upstairs in the kitchen. As soon as Gill Banton, his potential talent agent up from L.A., had touched his dick, he’d come in his pants again. And now he was wondering if he’d be able to sneak his other cock back into the fridge before his mother noticed it was gone and started asking more questions.    He’d heard the Aston Martin pull up outside at the same time as his body had betrayed him and he’d come in his pants for the second time that week. Fuck, this was becoming a problem. Not least because for the first time in his life, women were throwing themselves at him, especially this crazy bitch now talking to his mother up in the kitchen.    He leaned back on his bed and began to laugh to himself. God, he would have paid to see his Mum’s face on that one, and Chendrill’s. He could imagine him there in his fancy shirt trying to look cool. Her on the table with her legs spread, saying, ‘fuck me BlueBoy.’ The stupid cow couldn’t even remember his name. What the fuck was that all about? My God, if he was going to sign with anyone at the moment, Patrick seemed to be the best bet, at least he wouldn’t have to be wary of being eaten by a cougar every minute of the day—even if she was hot.   
