Chapter Twenty-TwoMalcolm Strong was getting worse, his hands beginning to shake every time his phone rang, looking over his shoulder every minute while he was out, waiting for the guy with the English accent who wore a turban to appear. Things weren’t getting any better at home either, his wife becoming more distant, more interested in her phone or the TV. Sex was now a thing of the past, not even a sniff. Lying there in their matrimonial bed, she’d play with her phone and go to sleep without a word.    He had it all worked out what he was going to say to the Indian next time he called. He’d give him the made-up info he wanted about the guy called Chendrill and he’d say, ‘I’ve done this and I’ll let your package through and if you come near me again after that then I’m going to the cops and fuck what happens next. I’d rather go to prison than live my life like this. So, go fuck yourself!’   He’d say it just like that as well, hard and firm, let the guy know it’s time to fuck off and leave him be.    But he’d said that before and built himself up for the fight with the guy, but when it came down to it, the humiliation of it all scared him. The photos of him with his eyes closed getting blown in a shitty alley by the skanky whores he had been letting into his car and down into his pants, who let him into their panties—if they were wearing any—and touch their bruised, skinny legs and scabby faces and small dresses that turned him on like they did. He was in a mess, but he’d get out of it. This time he’d tell the guy to fuck off. He would. This time he really would. He’d say, ‘here’s enough on some other guy for you to work with, go work with this man Chendrill there’s enough on him for you to leave me alone so do it and let me get on with my life,’ and then once he was done, he’d move to the other side of the country and never come back to this place with its mountains and sea and its gay guys and girls and those people who dressed up their dogs. They could all go hang.    Rann got the package of info from his computer courtesy of an anonymous email account and looked at it for a while without getting up. His first instinct was to get straight on the phone and say, ‘You cunt Chendrill, you think those two kicks to the throat were bad, then wait till your friends see this shit I’ve dug up on you.’   But there was something wrong.  A guy who did the things that were written down in front of him didn’t walk about dressed as a parrot. They lived in the darkness blending themselves into world and no one ever saw them. The two did not match up. But you couldn’t write it off; some people were bold strutting about out there without fear.  He picked up his mobile phone and dialed Chendrill. When he answered, he said, “Did you have a good holiday back in that prison in 1994?”    And Chendrill said nothing. Nothing, like Rann had been expecting anyway. What he did say, though, was, “If you don’t fuck off and leave us all alone then you’ll never get a chance to see or use any of them pills you’re bringing in from Asia.”   Now it was Rann’s turn to go silent. Fuck, how did he know about that, no one here knew what he was up to—no one alive now that is, except Malcolm Strong. His mouth went dry now. This guy had turned it around on him. He was about to accuse the man for doing time for child offenses. He’d said nothing and not given a shit about 1994—he hadn’t even balked like he himself did now. Not fucking about anymore, he said, “Stay away from that shit. Don’t go near there if you know what’s good for you.”    “You want me to stay away like Rasheed didn’t? You going to kill me too, Rann? Or was that what you were trying to do outside the restaurant, trying to close my throat? One kick on either side then the third straight in front, crush my Adams apple. How’re your balls, though, still hurting?”   Rann stayed quiet. The guy was right; the third blow could have killed him had it hit home and connected like the first two had. He hadn’t thought of that at the time, but when he’d seen him his rage took over for a second—the blow in the nuts snapping him out of it. Then he heard Chendrill say, “If you’re interested in what I was doing in 1994, pop along to the Vancouver Police department because that’s where I was back then, ask them what I was doing, I’m sure they’d be interested in talking to you.”   Then he said, “Maybe though I’ll call them for you and speak to the drug squad, give them your name and address, you can explain to them what you’ve been doing while you were hanging out in the Far East over the last few months.”   And with that Chendrill hung up.   Rann stared at the small phone lying there in the palm of his hand, his thick silver Indian bangle the same color as its rim.    The fucker was turning it around on him now. Was he bluffing? He couldn’t tell. Could he take a chance? How much did he know about Thailand? He hadn’t mentioned the country—just said Asia. But he knew. He was holding the place back as another card to play later, same as he would.    The Irishman dying was a secret. No one knew he was there when the guy must have slipped and fell, except the wife, but where was she? Selling her ass and his hard-on pills some place in Bangkok now, no doubt, or in another brothel somewhere like it.   He had never seen her or the friend he’d fucked in the ass along with her again. He’d looked yeah, but not found. The main problem he’d had was he was back to square one, was five grand down to boot, and had two thousand odd packets of hard-on pills on the missing list.    The only lead he’d had was the pharmacist, but where was he? The Irishman’s wife had gone down to pick them up, he’d said. ‘Gone down,’ that means southern Thailand, ‘to see her family’—no hope there. ‘The monkeys all over the place,’ that was a lead and the only one he had. He asked around where could he see the monkeys, everywhere he was told, Chiang Mai, especially up north in the mountains.    “Naa not the mountains, in the city?”   It had taken a week of asking before he found the answer he was looking for. A group of German tourists staying at the hotel were upset about one of them getting a bite on the leg from a monkey when they were visiting the old temples at the edge of the city. Rann had heard the German man had come out of a shop and the monkey had come from behind and ripped the plastic bag open spilling the goods all over the road. He’d lashed out kicking it and as he did others came at him, jumping off the shop awnings and in a pack, all got around him snarling.    “Where’s this place?” Rann had asked as he carried on about how he loved temples, especially old ones where monkeys sometimes lived.    “Phetchaburi City,” the German had said. “You don’t want to go there, they will bite you if you are on your own, they can be dangerous,” the German had warned, standing there in his clean white shorts.    So can I, Rann thought, so can I.******He got off the train and was stared at by almost everyone as he did. His face darker now and his turban bright white in the sun. It had been a slow journey, passing through the mountains, moving from the city through the suburbs and out into the real Thailand—away from the whores and the packs of whites roaming the red-light districts hunting pussy.    He called over a Tuk-Tuk taxi and said to the driver, who didn’t understand, “Show me the monkeys in the street.” Half an hour later, he was there standing in a newly built square with its fountains flowing, its paving stones reflecting brilliant light into his eyes as the sun beat down. Fuck, it was hot here, he thought, his head itchy. Above him on the telephone wires monkeys roamed, crossing the roads with ease, balancing like trapeze artists without the net or the crowd to woo them on, just their tails straight and high in the air keeping them centered. He looked around. They were in the trees across the road, on top of the shops in amongst the people as though that’s just how it was meant to be.    He walked around looking for a pharmacy on the edge of the town, wherever the little fuckers—as the Irishman had liked to call them—were. Crossing one street, then another, food markets on the edge of the road, motorbikes everywhere, the place full to the brim with people, but none of them white and only one guy in a turban.    He turned a corner and waited, looking up at the side of the buildings some four stories high. There were monkeys all along the eaves, living in groups or families, not harming anyone, just getting along eating fruit left out by locals and squabbling amongst themselves.    The German must have got it around here, he thought, got tough with a wild animal a third of his size and got his ass kicked by its mates. Then he saw him—a white guy staring at him from across the road. He watched as the guy stepped out into the road, moved casually through the passing motorbikes and cars, meeting him on the other side, and said in a strong Kiwi accent, “I’ve been wondering if you’d show up.” ******They sat down in a coffee shop along the way and watched the traffic pass by with three, four, even five people at a time squashed onto a scooter. The Kiwi, older than he looked, said, “I met him a few times and I was surprised to hear he’d died.”   “Yeah tell me about it. It took me a few days to discover the same thing. Maybe you heard about it before I did. I thought the guy had done a runner with my money.”    The Kiwi went by the name of John, John Smith, and from what Rann could work out with a name like that, he was in hiding. He was a pharmacist from New Zealand and that’s about all Rann could gather from the questions he asked. The guy was cool and pleasant, accepting of others and cultures and about a million miles away from the piece of shit Irishman who they were both pretending to mourn.    From what he’d heard, the man had been found dead at the bottom of the stairs stinking of booze and within 24 hrs, he was in a box in the hull of the first plane back to Dublin.    “No enquiry?”   The Kiwi looked at him.    “Why, should there be?”   Rann shook his head and stared at the table for a moment, then said, “No, he was a drunk. I spent three days waiting for him at the place we’d been meeting until the barman told me he was dead. Usually there’s an enquiry though, ain’t there?”   The Kiwi shook his head. “Not here, not if a drunken idiot falls down the stairs there’s not, if he’s shot or hacked to death or has his dick cut off in the night and bleeds to death, then yes. But for him, no.”   “His what cut off?”   “His dick. They’ll do that here, the girls, if you fuck with them and they get jealous.”       “Really?”   “Yep, be careful, my friend. I’ve seen it, they’ll do it.”    “I’m not here for that, I’m here for—” And the Kiwi, stopping him in his tracks, placed a packet of his tablets on the table. And said with a smile, “These?”   They went back to his place, a small house at the side of the road in amongst others in what looked to Rann like an alley. The place was nice, Monkeys along the walls and on the rooftops, but not pissing and shitting and fucking like the Irishman had said, just watching.    The man had a Thai wife and a small kid of mixed race and a machine out back that produced any form of pill you wanted, as long as you laid it all out correctly.     And staring at it the Kiwi said, “When I left Auckland, this is all I brought with me.”   Stole it, Rann thought, when you got the hell out of dodge the same way he’d got the hell out of London a few years back when the police started to sniff around. He said, “If you know what you’re doing, I’m sure it’s great.”   “Yeah that helps.” Then the Kiwi said to him, “Listen Rann, I’m a straight shooter, I can’t get back the tablets you’ve lost since Paddy passed on and I can deal direct with you if you want, but the money will have to stay the same.”   “Which was?”   “Sixty cents US a packet of 6 x 2.5 mg Sildenafil mixed with caffeine and glucose and some herbs of my own all stamped accordingly, just as I showed you.”   Rann looked at him confused. Then said, “Herbs?”    The Kiwi replied, “Yeah, just some local herbs I’ve found that do the trick thrown in.”   Rann nodded, giving it some thought. What difference did it make, the product worked, he couldn’t deny that. He said, “What about paying off the police?”    “Why?”   “You don’t have to?”    The Kiwi nodded and said, “Yeah, of course, but that’s all factored in and it’s done bi-yearly. It doesn’t affect the deal Paddy, yourself, and I made.”   The fucking goddamn Irish cunt, Rann thought, the greedy fucking bastard. Getting himself in a state and falling down the stairs because he wanted him to pay out double when he was getting more than the fucking guy who was making them and sending his wife to pick them up to boot.    Fuck me, the guy was lucky he was dead. If he wasn’t, he’d kill him, Rann thought—fucking with him like that, trying to take away his grandfather’s old house in Kenya and ruin his retirement. He said to the Kiwi, who in his earlier days would have been a prime candidate to blackmail, “I heard it different, so what I’m going to do because the Irishman is no longer involved, I’m going to make it a dollar a pack for the first run and a dollar twenty-five for the second.”     Rann sat and drank beer in the evening, having booked himself into a local hotel that was as old as the rundown temples that lay above it on the hillside, now covered by brush and trees. The Kiwi was delighted, having doubled his money, he relaxed, and said, “Why don’t you get yourself a Thai wife? They’ll love you forever.”   Like Paddy’s did, Rann thought, loved him and everyone else it seemed. He wondered if the Kiwi was perhaps on the list. Testing the guy out, he said, “The Irishman used to say his missus gave the best blowjob in the world, even introduced her to me that way.”   The Kiwi silent for the moment, gave it some thought. He had, Rann thought, she’d been coming down here getting her husband’s stuff and putting it out while she was in town. The guy said back, “He’d do that, he saw her as a status symbol you see, supermodel figure. The guy used to try to make himself feel good by making other people jealous—she certainly has a beautiful face.”   Like a monkey, Rann thought as he listened to the Kiwi saying, “Lovely long legs, hair, yeah a real beautiful face.”   Fuck, it was only him, why did no one else see it, but him. He carried on pushing it, “But there’s something else about her isn’t there, you know the way she looked, you know the high cheekbones and the way her eyes were.”    “Oh, you mean because she’s a guy?”   “Sorry?”    “She’s a guy, that’s what you’re referring to?”   Rann stayed silent for a second holding his bottle of Chang about an inch from his lips and feeling the top of his head begin to heat up under his turban and looked around the place to see if anyone was listening.    “No, but, you’re just kidding me, right?”   He wasn’t. Rann leaned in, saying “She’s all woman.”    The Kiwi smiled, then said, “Now, yes, same as her friend the blonde one. She’s a woman now too.”   Then Rann remembered the Irishman saying she came here to see her kid. The guy was fucking with him.    “She’s a kid here, she’s got a kid here. That’s why she comes down to collect the stuff from you.”   “That’s right she fathered a kid here, when she was a teenager at school.”   “What?”   Then Rann remembered the two of them sitting on his face, their juices flowing into his mouth and down his cheeks and over his chin. Everything was normal, he knew it, with his appetite he’d seen enough. He said, “Tell me then if she’s a guy how would a girl that had been a guy and had an operation stay moist below the same as a woman does?”   Answer that, Rann thought. He was fucking with him. They were too nice to be anything other than the beautiful women who’d come to him and fucked him the whole night through. And the Kiwi answered, “They have an op and if the surgeons are good, which they are here, then the glands still work the same when aroused, but just not as much. So, what the girls do is they keep themselves moist by keeping themselves full—if you know what I mean, with someone else’s fluid, someone they can trust you know? Someone who’s not got HIV or anything. It’s what they do. I’m telling you, Rann, I know. I’ve lived here for nearly twenty years now and the girls with the most beautiful long legs and figures like supermodels used to be guys. Thai women as a race just aren’t built that way. Besides I know his wife; I’ve known her since she was a boy, she’s the one who introduced me to Paddy in the first place.”   Oh my God, Rann thought, and then thought he was going to throw up. Kept moist by the Irish cunt—both her and her mate too, he thought. And then the fucker sending them both over to sit on his face so as they could drip the man’s spunk into his mouth.    He began to heave, took a swig of beer, and tried to quell it, then the Kiwi asked, “Why? You didn’t sleep with her friend did you, the gorgeous blonde one—I knew him too.”   And that was more than Rann and his masculine pride could handle. 