Chapter Twenty-ThreeAfter he’d just told Mazzi Hegan and Sebastian how he’d met Gill Banton, Chendrill had taken the call from the blackmailer and turned the tables on the guy. Coming back into Sebastian’s office, he realized it was the only time Chendrill had ever seen Mazzi Hegan laugh, as he heard Sebastian saying, “Mazzi please, she’s got a problem obviously.”    But Mazzi couldn’t stop and said to Chendrill, “Tell me again what she said.”    And Chendrill smiled saying, “It went like, ‘fuck me BlueBoy, fuck me.’ Something like that.”   “And then she got up and introduced herself like nothing happened?” Sebastian asked.   “Yep, got right up pulled down her dress, put her tits away and said, ‘Hi I’m Gill Banton—and I’d like to represent your son.’”    Mazzi Hegan hit the floor and began crawling along in his silver pants towards the window. Sebastian watched him saying, “Please, Chuck no more. You’re going to hurt Mazzi.”   Chendrill began to laugh. He wasn’t one to tell tales, but it was his job to tell them if some other outfit was treading on their toes. Then Sebastian said, “There’s good reason her office is situated in her bedroom, you know. She’s been trying to get help, you know, psychiatric help. She saw a guy from what I heard, and in the end got him a role on the soap ‘Up and Away’.”   “Who?” Mazzi asked.    “Dr. Hampton, the psychiatrist.”   “He’s hot; he’s a real psychiatrist?”   “Yes,” Sebastian replied, “Real. Of course, not being able to help herself, the poor love, she picked him to help her with her problem—didn’t go to a granddad or someone sensible who didn’t like girls. Word is she started fucking him in the office after a couple of weeks and then got him the role.’”   “I like that show,” Chendrill said out of the blue.    “Sorry?”    “What’s wrong with that?” Chendrill asked them both as they stared at him, Mazzi now standing by the window rubbing his eyes, wondering if Chendrill’s revelation was possibly as funny as Gill Banton lying on the table in Dan’s mother’s kitchen. He said, “It’s a little bit faggy for you to be watching, isn’t it?”     “What’s wrong with that? I like it,” Chendrill carried on.    Sebastian opined, “What’s ‘wrong’ with it, Chuck, is that it’s mostly gay guys who like that show.”******An hour later, Sebastian had Belinda pick up Dan and bring him to the office, wondering why Dan was wearing a jacket, but no shirt.    “Daniel dear, you are contracted to us, but there’s a buyout. I suggest you don’t go south just yet and stay here and let ‘Slave’ manage you. I’m going to hand you over, so to speak—Patrick’s coming in as a freelancer to manage you and I’m going to keep an eye on things. So, don’t worry, you’re still in good hands.”    And Dan said, “You brought me all the way in here to tell me that?”    Then, leaning in, Sebastian said, “No, I want you please to tell Mazzi and myself everything that was said and went down with Gill Banton before Chuck arrived this afternoon. And I’m saying everything!”   And Dan did, telling them both the whole thing in its entirety—her asking him to sign with her, the carrot down his pants and Gill Banton losing it thinking he had two dicks. And once he’d finished, this time it was Sebastian who was crying.   And as the tears began to settle, he picked up the phone and called Patrick. It was time to sign Marsha.   
