Chapter Twenty-FourPatrick hit L.A. with a bang, Marsha on one arm and Buffy on the other, him in the middle with a smile as long as Rodeo Drive. And that’s just where they went. The stores closed their doors to others as Marsha spent thousands on clothes she’d never wear and Patrick spent thousands on clothes Buffy would. Then he sat in the store looking at Marsha trying on designer labels without realizing she’d already been offered them for free.    Then his phone rang. As he answered, he heard Sebastian say, “Marsha’s agent Gill Banton has just made a fool of herself in Dan’s home and she also made a play to sign him, so if that woman wants to play games, I’m going to speak with Marsha about coming over to us. And if she does, I’ll need a few more on top, to keep her on her toes. We don’t want to be dealing with a big fish in a small pond, but don’t go signing more than ten or I’ll go insane with all the dialogue. So, keep those beady eyes of yours peeled whilst you’re on your travels.”    Patrick looked back over to Marsha, she was stunning—way ahead of the other girls in the shop who were beautiful themselves. But Marsha, she was in another league. There was only one other girl he’d ever met who was prettier, but sadly she had troubles at the moment.    Then Sebastian said, “Oh, and also please thank Buffy for lending me those DVDs. Tell her Mazzi and I are watching an old Busby Berkley one right now in my office. Tell her I’d forgotten just how good the man was and ask her please if she’s got any more.”   Patrick hung up. That was a good call, he thought, things were looking up. Now he didn’t have to lie when he would tell the next hostess who he met that he was looking for talent, not that he really cared either way.    He called over to the two girls and as many shop assistants as he could, telling them all as though they were soppy school kids to put the $10,000 dollar dresses down. He said, “Sebastian just called, Gill Banton was just round Dan’s place trying to sign him with the company who represents you, Marshaa. She offered him the world, and made a fool of herself in the process because he said, ‘Why would I go anywhere else when I’m already with the best.’ Your agent Marshaa, she’s frightened, you see. Slave’s getting interested in movies now, Sebastian and Mazzi are looking at a Busby Berkley one right now as we speak and they’ve asked me to sign an incredibly beautiful model from the Ukraine to star in it once they sign Busby up—kind of a dual thing, great for her and great for Busby. He’s onboard as soon as we sign a big name. So anyway, that’s all the news for ‘us’ at Slave.”    He pulled out his phone and flipped to a picture of Alla standing in a park he’d taken six months back, the sun in her hair, her face glowing with warmth, honesty, and truth, and showed it to them all.    “She and Dan are going to set the world on fire. And not only that, he’s bringing in ten new models, ones who not only look fantastic, but can also act—but only the best. Newbies and ones established with other companies alike, and when they’re all in and signed, the doors are closing: they’re not signing another person and Slave’s taking over.”   Buffy stared at him. What the fuck was he talking about? Sebastian and Mazzi Hegan’s company was good, but, take over the world? Not only that, Busby Berkley was dead, who was he kidding? She stared at him in complete amazement as Patrick said, “Buffy’s so excited about it all.” And she was just about to put him straight when she heard him follow it up with, “Sebastian’s putting her in charge of research and development for the movie section. She’s going to be running the whole thing! They’re all geared up to do a movie as soon as the girl recovers from an operation she needed. And Mazzi Hegan’s shooting it.” ******Alla Bragin lay in the hospital bed and tried with all her will and might to move her big toe. She’d done it once early in the morning and she was certain she could do it again. It wasn’t the light changing or a breeze floating in from an open door that had moved the sheets, it was her, and if that was the case, she knew in time she would walk again.     Dennis, her husband, who’d once been a dentist, slept on the chair at the side of the bed in which his wife, half his age, lay crippled.    “It moved again,” she said softly, waking her husband from his dream.   “Darling it moved again, my toe—I got it to move.”   Dennis smiled, and hoped for her sake it wasn’t just a dream.    “Good,” he said, watching her, looking at her face, her eyes, her hands at the side of the bed laying above the sheet, her arms so slender, her fingers long and beautiful. “Keep trying,” he said, “you’ll get there,” but deep down in the pit of his stomach, he knew the moment she did and could walk again the likelihood was that she would keep going and be gone forever. For he knew the sad reality: the injury was the only reason they were together again.    He knew the injury had come out of nowhere, his wife taking a blow to the spine by an unknown man while they’d been separated, her living downtown in a luxury apartment in Yaletown with a view across the creek and him in the basement suite. Now, though, he had her back and he would do all he could to stop her leaving him a second time.    She’d known Patrick well after she’d left her marital home and they had been lovers, him helping her on a financial level and her giving him what he needed, and once he fell in love, as had so many others, he began to pay in other ways. She said, “I’ve been watching you, Dennis love. You look beautiful when you sleep.” The words touching his whole soul, hoping they were true as they melted him inside, the same as he felt when she touched him.   “You’re the beautiful one,” he said, knowing it was true and it was. Rann had felt the same way when he’d seen her in the photo and for all three, it was love at first sight because to them all and almost all men who set eyes on her, she was the most beautiful woman they had ever seen.******Charles Chuck Chendrill was still smiling when he arrived back in the Aston Martin and parked outside the front of Dan’s home. The drive had been good, the car slightly larger than Hegan’s Ferrari—which could now park itself—and it hurt his ribs less when he was getting in and out.    Maybe that was it, he thought, the only reason he’d been given a bigger car by Sebastian was because he knew his ribs were hurting every time he squeezed himself into the other one? He must have been watching him when he’d pull up and drive away from the allocated parking spaces just below his office at Slave. Could be, he thought, probably was. Fuck me, the guy was a good man.    He got out and looked about, no baker there with a baseball bat or ninja assassin turban-wearing Sikh. The coast was clear.    He walked up the steps and knocked on the door. Dan’s mother Tricia answered. Leaning in, he kissed her on the lips, and she said, “Hello lover boy.”   And when they reached the kitchen, Chendrill stared at the table and asked, “Have you spoken to Dan?”    She hadn’t. He’d been in his room ever since they’d got back early from lunch and had been picked up in a limo, which she’d thought was the nymphomaniac again and discovered it was only the nice man who liked to keep the garden tidy. As he sat down briefly and watched as she put the kettle on, she said to Chendrill, “He was out, but he’s back now.”   Chendrill got up, walking back along the corridor, and went down the stairs to the basement. He knocked on Dan’s door. Dan was asleep; and after hearing him wake and then unbolt the door, he was knocked back by the smell of a young man’s room.     “You come down here to hit me in the other eye?” he heard Dan say.   He hadn’t.    “Sebastian wants to see you.”   “I was just there.”   “Yeah and you were supposed to stay.”    “Tell him I’ll come over tomorrow.”   “It doesn’t work that way.”   “What—you his gofer now, I thought you were a PI?”    Dan was right, Chendrill thought, a few months back if Sebastian had asked if he could go find Dan, he would have found him then told Sebastian to call a cab. But the man had a way about him. He could get you to do things for him you wouldn’t normally do, and the grand a day and Aston Martin helped a bit with that.    “I am.”   “Well go be one then and leave me alone, I’m tired.”   “It’s only three o’clock in the afternoon?”   “Tell him he kept me up past my bedtime last night at the fish place. So why don’t you go fuck my mum for a bit and leave me be.” ******Mazzi and Sebastian had just finished another movie when Dan came through the door, his ass still sore and his throat hurting from where Chendrill had grabbed him by the scruff of the neck and kicked him up the backside as he threw him towards the stairs.    “What’s wrong with your throat, Daniel?” Sebastian asked as Dan sat down on the sofa and put his feet up on the coffee table.    “Ask him,” Dan replied as he saw Chendrill’s big shape come past the smoked plate glass window and into the room.    “His throat’s hurting him at the moment, because he’s got a big mouth.”   Sebastian looked to the both of them for a moment.    “Okay?”   The kid was obviously hard work and he could see the frustration in Chendrill’s eyes. He said, “Dan, I can’t help you here, you’re the only person who can do that.”   Then he carried on getting out a new contract for him to sign.    “As I mentioned earlier, before you decided to disappear on us Daniel, in your old contract we had a clause that says we can extend and gain exclusivity to you, i.e., you can’t go elsewhere.”   Dan looked at him and said quite honestly, “What makes you think I want too?”   “Gill Banton.”   Dan laughed to himself and stared at the floor. Then said, “What makes you think I want to do this stupid bullshit anyway?”   “Because you’re good at it.”   Dan looked to Chendrill, making friends now, saying sorry in his own way. Chendrill spoke for him, “Dan’s more interested in electronics.”   Sebastian’s eyes lit up.    “Good for you. Maybe we can you put you through some kind of college course?”   Dan shook his head, he knew more than the lecturers.   “He’s way beyond that,” Chendrill said, answering for him again.    Mazzi Hegan, who’d been sitting in the chair quietly, piped up, “We do art here, Dan, not bullshit.”    And quick as a flash, Dan replied, “Your art doesn’t make it to the art galleries where the real art is—and if you don’t like the truth, then you can suck my dick.”    As soon as he’d said it, he realized this was the wrong thing to say to Mazzi Hegan, who simply said, “You couldn’t handle the pleasure baby.”    “Mazzi,” Chendrill stepped in, “you shouldn’t mock him. We’ve all got our talents. Dan’s is electronics; some’ve said he’s a genius.”   Who gives a shit? Mazzi thought. He was here to make people look good and when he was distracted, Dan was just that. He said, “Dan’s got a talent for looking good also, put the hobby on hold and grab the cash.”   “What cash?” Dan asked.    Sebastian answered him, “You’ve a lot of cash, Dan—some now, but a huge amount coming. I want you to sign with us exclusive for the next 5 years.”    “I could almost be a doctor by then if I wanted.” And he could, as nutty and stupid as he was, he easily had the smarts, and he knew it.    Listening to what he said and giving it some thought, Sebastian reached to the floor and picked up Fluffy, placing him gently on his lap and said without looking up, “Daniel, I’m sure you could, but a second ago you were an electronics genius, love. What we want to do is not let you get ruined and left on the side of the road after signing up with a company that does just that.”   “Marshaaa’s doing all right with them,” Dan replied, stretching out the end of her name for effect.   “Marshaa’s a girl Daniel, and if Gill Banton was into girls, I’m sure that’s where she’d be right now.”   Dan sat there listening, watching Mazzi Hegan stroking his hair, Chendrill looking out the window at his new car and Sebastian stroking his dog and just being nice. Why would they think he’d ever want to go work with a crazy nut like this Banton woman anyway? He had no intention of going anywhere. The truth was he didn’t even want to be here. But the money was there, he knew that, and the chicks that were giving him the eye now wherever he went was a bonus. Soon, if he played his cards right and didn’t keep popping it out in his pants, he’d get some. So, he said, “Okay I want four things, though. First, I want an open account with the pizza delivery joint of my choosing. And second, I want Patrick to look after me because I like his style, but I don’t want to have to listen to his bullshit. And the third is that I’d like a new computer and a decent soldering iron and bench with a vice for my room for the electronics I like to do.”   Mazzi Hegan looked around, then with attitude said, “That’s three things.”    And Dan replied, “That’s good you can count because the fourth thing I want is your Ferrari.”   And he got it.	******Rann Singh sat in his apartment, which no longer had a bucket, a china tea set, weights, or a deck chair for the balcony, and checked the internet on his new computer. Using his tracking number, he saw exactly where his shipment of pills were in the freight system. He had about three days to go now and they’d be here. Malcolm Strong was playing it up though, giving him ridiculous stuff about Chendrill that even his granny could spot as just plain nonsense. But like an idiot, he’d used it. He’d taken the bait and made himself look stupid—real stupid. Now Chendrill had turned it around on him, gone poking around in his affairs and found out about the shipment. How much did the guy know, though? Everything, like he was making out? Or just ten percent and bluffing the rest like Rann liked to do himself? At least he hoped, but what if it wasn’t a bluff? What if Chendrill had called customs like he had said he would and told them there’s a package coming in addressed to this guy, Rann Singh. But it wasn’t addressed to Rann, it was addressed to Bill Moore, who’d rented the locker and handed the keys over to Rann so as his wife wouldn’t find out about what he sometimes did on his way home late at night.    Rann had worked out the positioning and rented the storage locker at the back of the one where the package would be placed and when all was well and good and he’d seen no one was there to nab him, he’d cut the corrugated steel away in the back of the locker and grab it.   But first he needed it to clear customs and, with Malcolm being a pussy, he was getting worried. He took a deep breath, and called him, “You trying to make me look like a cunt? Giving me shit information like that, you trying to make a fool out of me?”   Malcolm stayed quiet on the end of the phone and for a moment, Rann thought he could hear the man crying. He said, “What you fucking doing? What you snivelling for?”   Malcolm stayed quiet, then he heard him say, “Leave me alone.”   “What?”   “Leave me be.”   “You should have thought about that when you fucked those whores, shouldn’t you? Now it’s time to pay for your sins, pay for your sins you cunt and do as I tell you.”   The man was a monster. He carried on, “That’s what this born-again Christian wants you to do, pay for your sins. So, you’d better start.”   “There is no Christian man, a Christian wouldn’t be like you. I know it’s you and you can fuck off. I’m going to the police.”    Now Rann was silent. He’d pushed the guy too far, same with this PI guy and that realtor who likes it up the ass. He needed to stop, leave it, let the man settle. The tablets would be here soon and they needed to be checked through. But as his temper burst, he said, “You do as you’re told, you whimpering cunt of a man, or I’ll post all those photos of you on the passport office’s windows so as all your friends and work colleagues can see what a fucking nonce perverted cunt you really are. Then I’ll do the same at your fucking house. Do you understand me. You asked for this shit. You did these things not me. You. You did this to you. Not me. So, fucking man up, you cunt, own it and do as I tell you, or you may as well go fucking hang yourself because when I’m done with you, your fucking life will be worth shit.”    Malcolm Strong sat there on his own in his home, his wife out now. The phone in his hand was shaking, how long would this go on? It had to have been a year now of the abuse, the shouting, the name calling—muggers got less, murderers not a lot more. He could feel his heart pounding, it had been that way for a while now with him constantly on the verge of tears, putting on a brave face for the world to see, smiling on the outside, telling jokes, but crying within. The pain was incredible, this man on him unrelentingly, pushing him, destroying who he once was. And he wasn’t giving up. Taking a deep breath so as he would not burst into tears again, as he just had when he’d seen the number on the phone, he said, “Go fuck yourself. I’m calling the police.”   And that’s exactly what he did.   Less than half an hour later, Williams arrived outside Malcolm’s home and walked up and rang the doorbell. When no one answered, he went around the back and tried the back door. The lights were on, but nothing else; no TV, nothing, just lights. He tried the door again—still locked. The man had been crying on the phone the dispatcher had said, babbling, not making sense, saying he wouldn’t leave him be.    Williams tried the door again, this time putting pressure on it with his foot. It gave way and he stepped inside, calling out as he did. He moved through the kitchen, then into the corridor of the house. Into the living room, the drink cabinet was open here, a bottle of wine and an empty bottle of scotch on the floor. Next to them, open packets of tablets, some still on the floor.   Shit.   He moved on, checking the dining room and headed upstairs through the bedroom and then opened the bathroom door, which was blocked slightly by Malcolm’s leg. Malcolm was on the floor in his underpants, puke everywhere, blood everywhere, the bath full and still hot, the water red from the blood that had seeped out of his slashed wrists trailing over the dry porcelain and onto the floor where he’d gotten out and fallen, soaked, drugged, drunk, and bleeding onto the bathroom floor.    Quickly, Williams bent down and felt the man’s pulse; he was barely alive. He slapped his face hard once, then twice, trying to bring him round. He lifted him slightly, slapped him again and then, as he saw the man’s eyes open slightly, let him down again and called it in.    “Malcolm, Malcolm, do you know where you are?” were the words Malcolm had first heard as he opened his eyes to see the contained security camera looking down at him. He didn’t.    The nurse moved toward him so he could see her and as he tried to move his arm, he found it was restrained, along with his leg.   “Do you know where you are?” she asked again, her voice kind and gentle.    He shook his head, not a clue. She said, “You’re in a secure ward, Malcolm. You tried to hurt yourself.” He looked to his free arm covered in cuts, some patched some still clear left alone to heal.    “You took an overdose, Malcolm.”   He took a look around the room, the nurse still smiling. His head spinning with confusion.    “Do you remember?” the nurse asked, he didn’t, he couldn’t remember a thing. He closed his eyes, and opened them again. Two hours had passed and Williams was still with him, standing in the room.