Chapter Twenty-FiveIt wasn’t long before Dan’s wish came true and, having been dropped off at the showroom on Burrard by Belinda, he showed his licence to the salesman, who was doing well off of Slave this week, and who said to Dan in his best fake British accent, “You’re going to love this one, sir.”   Dan would, he couldn’t believe that only a few weeks back he had one thing he could call his own, and now he had two, a Ferrari and an Xbox his mum bought him for Christmas that he was already getting bored with.    This would be more fun. He loved the way he could make Mazzi Hegan’s rip away from the lights. Nothing had taken him yet and nothing was going to, not even Chendrill’s Aston Martin. He looked around, the place looking at him now, Dan feeling like a million-dollar king with a contract worth more than that with Slave—if he stayed looking sexy, as Mazzi had told him as they walked out of Sebastian’s office.    He looked over to a girl staring at his legs from behind her counter where she sat most of the day looking pretty. He gave her a wink. Then looked down to his feet. He had odd shoes on and they were both lace ups, both Converse—one red, one white. How the fuck did that happen? he thought. He didn’t even know he had two pairs. Then he remembered he did. He liked the white ones, but had lost them when he’d been trying to walk around the garden on his hands and couldn’t make it across the bit at the end which was gravelled and he’d taken down the neighbor’s fence.    Fucking great, all he had to do was find the other and he was back on track.        The girl was still staring at him, looking like she wanted him, looking him right in the eyes. Him there in his jeans and odd shoes with his shirt not done up because he had it on back to front and he couldn’t get the buttons in. It’s the way he was.    He gave her a wink, she smiled, he gave her another, she smiled, he gave her another and she smiled more. What do I do now? he thought. Go talk to her, he told himself. About what? he wondered. Doesn’t matter. What if she wants to fuck like that woman had? Not here, he thought, she’s at work. So what? they do that at these car showrooms. He’d seen it on late night TV when he was younger after he opened up the cable box and switched the wires around to get the porn channel working—then his mum had found him with one of her new fluffy socks and she’d taken the box away.    But now he was being offered it for real. In the movie, the guy had looked like Chendrill, in a Hawaiian, and the girl had been blonde with curly hair and she was wearing leg warmers through the whole thing, even when he was fucking her on the hood of the car and she’d screamed and shook her head and made funny faces with her lips and then so did he, getting all serious with his eyes, staring into nowhere and saying shit like, ‘fuck yeah, oh yeah fuck yeah, take it baby, take it’ and then grunting. Dan hadn’t got to see if he bought the car or not because his mum had come in getting all angry at exactly the same time that he’d come in his pants for the first time in his life.    The next day she took the box back to the cable company and they couldn’t work out what the boy had done to the electronics inside.    The girl staring at him and smiling had the same hair, long and curly and permed, like they used to in the late eighties, he called out to her asking, “You wearing leg warmers?”    She shook her head, she wasn’t. Shame.    He pulled the car out onto the main road and gunned it, listening to the engine purr and then watching as a guy in a Hyundai pulled past and disappeared into the distance. He pulled over, thinking this isn’t right and gave the engine a rev. It all sounded great. Then he pulled away again with his foot to the floor and gave way for a bicycle.    What the fuck? This is ridiculous, he thought, pulling over again. He did a U-turn and gunned it slowly back to the dealer, where, in his precise voice, the guy said, “The car’s fine sir. Sebastian’s had it fitted with a governor, sir. Said you can remove it when your twenty-one, sir. He said he wanted you to feel good and look good, sir. But that’s as far as it goes.”******Patrick took a suite at the Wiltshire in Beverly Hills and booked another one for Buffy along the corridor. ‘Marshaa’, as she now liked to be called, had gone home to the little place she had in Malibu and was worrying whether Patrick was going to sign the beautiful girl in the photo and, if so, whether she would be left behind.    Patrick said, “Girls as beautiful as you, Marshaa, don’t get left behind.” But the seed was planted. In her eyes, Dan was going to be a movie star and he was going to have an affair with the girl from the Ukraine and they’d go run off there together because it sounded hot.    Patrick went down and hit the bar and within ten minutes, he was in love with the waitress and everyone there knew his name and that he’d just dropped off ‘Marshaa’ in Malibu, and that they’d had the weekend together working on a project, and that he was the guy who secured the contract for the incredible sexy kid in the BlueBoy campaign who was about to do a movie because he was such a talent.   “Buffy’s about to land him a three-picture deal that’ll slide in nicely along with the next series of BlueBoy campaigns. The kid’s going to be tied up for at least three years.”    He sat down, then said, “Slave’s just signed him for five years exclusive. Gill Banton was just up at his house trying to sign him, but he’s with me.”    “I know that kid,” the executive at the bar had said.    “You can’t not know him, he’s worldwide. If I let him sign, those guys are looking at sellout distribution in theatres not just in North America, but all the Americas, Europe, Asia. He’s incredibly hot in Japan.”   Then the executive said, “We’re going to camera on the 15th with ours, the director’s Rupert Mikes—pure talent, did Fallen Warriors.”   “Oh yes,” Patrick replied, not having a clue. “Fantastic—I loved that show. Wow that guy’s talent. Who you got up front?”   “Dave Percell’s the lead.”    “Oh—Really?”    “He’s so talented.”   Patrick stayed silent. Then he said, “Great, oh totally, yeah well, good luck with that.”     Within the hour, Patrick had skim read the script and Dave Percell, the up-and-coming new sensation, was out. Dan’s three picture deal that did not exist was being pushed and he was in the running for the lead, along with ‘Marshaa’ who was yet to show off her incredible acting skills to the world. Buffy, who was still in her room watching DVD’s and eating chocolate, was associate producer overseeing the 30% finance and worldwide distribution Patrick had personally guaranteed for the show via Slave—as long as they were shooting in Vancouver and, of course, he had a back-end deal for himself and sole rights to distribution sales within three countries in Asia he could think of off the top of his head, one of which was Japan.    The only problem now was that Dan couldn’t act, neither could Marsha, and he didn’t have a clue about distribution, let alone guaranteeing it worldwide and not a word had been said to Sebastian about the 2.5 million he’d casually put them on the hook for.    But who cared about minor details, because he was having fun; and an hour after shaking hands on the deal, the waitress was up in his room to talk about her new modelling contract with ‘Slave’. She would be his first signing and in the morning, the second was going to be ‘Marshaa’.      He was unstoppable. *******Megan Rawlis felt the early morning sun warming up the city as she made her way back to the apartment she shared with her friend. She had good news to tell her about what had just happened and how she’d met this guy and how within the week she’d be moving up to Vancouver to start her new life. The day before, she’d gone to work as a waitress and twenty-four hours later, she was a signed as a Slave model with a six-month extendable contract. This was what dreams were made of and it was a dream made true by a realtor who was still naked and laying on the big king size bed that smelled of sex, airing out his crotch because his balls were aching while he talked on the phone to the girl who had just been voted the most beautiful woman in the world, and who was in love with Dan because he couldn’t care less about any of it.   “Marshaa, your going to love this, I just signed another beautiful girl to ‘Slave’, Sebastian’s going crazy for her. They’re setting up a shoot and taking her to Bali.”   And Marsha said, “I’m sick of Bali—everyone goes there. I told my agent I didn’t want to go there again.”    Ignoring this he carried on, “Don’t miss out on shit like this. You want to keep going to places where you can get malaria.”   “I don’t like Malaysia either, I’m sick of it over there.”   “Dan’s signing up on a picture—he’s the lead. It’s an incredible opportunity, the script’s out of this world.”   “What? Wow!”   “Yeah, you want me to talk to them about you?”****** Charles Chuck Chendrill pulled out of Dan’s mum and lay still on the bed, Tricia next to him, hot, breathing heavy, and happy.    “I think you’re trying to kill me,” he said.    She was, kill him with love. He was the best thing that had happened in her life, a guy who was a real man and took no shit from her son. The shirts, though, she wasn’t sure about.    “I need to go to work,” she said.    She was on an afternoon shift, starting at two. Nursing was a tough gig, but she liked it—dancing would have been better, but she was too old now. She still had the body, though. She got up and walked to the window. Outside of her house, with its stucco walls that needed painting, were two high performance cars and they didn’t look right. She said, “The neighbors are going to think we’ve either won the lottery or we’re dealing drugs.”   Chendrill sat up. “Let them think what they want, they’ll just be jealous.”   He was right, fuck ’em, how many times had she come along the road off the bus with two arms full of shopping and they’d passed her in their cars, even in the rain. Yeah let them think it. Let them think what they will, it made no difference. By the looks of things, they’d be moving out and leaving here soon anyway. Dan would be buying a place for her. Somewhere nice, near her work so she could walk in and get some fresh air.  It was early days yet, she knew, but if Chendrill wanted to join her, she’d say yes in a heartbeat. She’d been to his place downtown by the park with its view and its fancy lobby that made you feel special. His furniture was dark like most bachelor’s places she’d been to. Not that she’d been to that many, the baker hadn’t even taken her out—at least not that she could remember—and in retrospect he could very well have been married, even though he said he loved her—loved her but never took her to see his friends.   Chendrill’s phone rang. It was Williams—they’d met and got along after he’d shown Chendrill he was a cop who cared, really cared, and didn’t just drink coffee. He needed to talk with him.    Chendrill dropped off his girl and, making enough of a meal of it in the new car for her work friends to see, he pulled away slowly, turning left off the main drag, and heading over the bridge into town.   When Chendrill came in, Williams was out of uniform, sitting at the window of the coffee shop looking young. He shook his hand, smiling and before Chendrill could sit down and wipe the froth from his moustache Williams got straight to it.   “There’s a guy, he called the emergency services, they said he was crying, struggling to get his words out, saying he needed to speak to the police, a man was harassing him, wanted him to do stuff, then he hung up. I went over and found him nearly dead from an overdose. He’d tried to do it all, you know, slashing his wrists in the bath, but he fucked it all up because he was so drunk from the bottle of scotch he’d used to get the courage to do it in the first place. Anyway, turns out he’s one of us, a border agent. I spoke with him at the hospital and he’s still not with it, but when I went back and listened to the recording of his initial call, your name was mentioned.”   Chendrill put his coffee down and said, “In what way?”   “Like I say, the guy was crying, blubbing and all over the place and from what it sounds like, he’d already done the scotch by then, but he says, ‘this guy keeps on and on and doesn’t stop,’ wants him to do shit and then says Chendrill.”   Chendrill sat back and looked out the window to the cars passing and the couples walking by holding hands.    “What’s his name?”   “Malcolm Strong.”   “A border agent?”   “Yeah.”   “Where’s he posted, do you know?” Williams did, he came prepared knowing there’d be a hundred questions coming at him like a machine gun and wanted to be able to catch them all.    “He checks the overseas mail coming in downtown.”   Chendrill nodded, smiled, and pulled out his phone. 
