Chapter Twenty-SevenMarsha paced up and down her Malibu home and stared at the peek-a-boo view of the ocean she’d paid $2.4 million for and wondered if she’d made a mistake telling Patrick she hated going to Bali. What if he took this new hot chick who was from that place with the funny name she couldn’t remember and what if Dan went and fell in love with her? Then everyone would laugh at her and she’d be the one on the magazine who was sad and everyone would feel sorry for her, and not read about her meeting the Queen or being engaged to Dan like they were supposed to. It wasn’t good, it really wasn’t good at all. Quickly, she picked up her phone and called Gill Banton and said, “We need to talk.”    “About what?”   “A movie, going to Bali.”   “What movie? You don’t like Bali, Marshaa, you told me that.”   “I do, I love Bali. It’s great.”    “Why the change of heart?”   “Dan’s going.”   “Oh Dan, the condom guy yes—I met him.”    Silence.    “I hear this.”   “Heard this—Marsha, that’s how you say it.”    “I want to be an actress.”   “Don’t we all dear,” said Gill as the words ‘learn to speak properly first’ crossed her mind. Then, changing the subject, she said, “Bali’s nice,” and heard Marsha say back, “Yeah I like it there.”    Gill Banton said, “You want to go, you want me to fix something up?”    And Marsha replied, “I want to be an actress.” Then there was silence.    Gill Banton laid in her bed, listening to the shower run from the en-suite and looked out the window. How many times in her career had she dealt with this now, models at the top of their game getting bored with it all and wanting to take it further? They seldom had the chops for it. Some did, though, and did it well, but it was few and far between and there was a big difference between looking good and pouting and actually saying lines alongside of someone else who could. She said, “Well let’s get you some professional help, try out a coach for a while and see how you like it. You won’t be flying first class straight away when it comes to acting Marshaa, you’ll need a coach, and that’s the truth.”    And that’s when she heard Marsha cut her short and say back, “I’ll call you back.”   ******Rann Singh looked down at the incredible view of Denman Street that Samuel Meeken had from the window of his apartment and wondered how long the guy would be unconscious for.    It wasn’t that he’d hit him that hard. It was that he’d hit him in the right place to knock some sense into the man. After all, if you are going to invite strangers up to your place, then you have to expect the odd one to be offended if you answer the door sporting nothing but a cowboy hat, boots, and a hard-on.    Especially when they’re up there due to a case of mistaken identity, which now had turned out to be another turn of luck that had come his way. He could see the group of guys, who were obviously cops, through the side window, sitting in a café the next block up watching the road and not their mochas. His Sikh god Guru Nanak was looking out for him.   Leaning into the window, he looked further along the road to both sides, then back to the pay phone there below him. He had a good, almost unrestricted view of Denman Street from one end to the other. If Chendrill was there, he wasn’t in the café with the police or anywhere to be seen. Rann looked around the room, the place almost as strange as the guy lying on the floor with his tongue hanging out. Hand-drawn pictures of mythical warriors were framed all over the walls and there were mirrors everywhere, binoculars on the bookshelf, and women’s shoes lined up against the door that were, he figured, the same size as the cowboy’s boots.   Leaning down, he picked up one of the high heeled shoes and measured it against the naked unconscious man’s feet, realizing they were indeed his.    “What the fuck?” he said out loud.    He stood up straight again and walked into the bedroom, more mirrors and loose straps hanging off each corner of the mattress. Walking to the big wardrobe with its mirrored sliding doors that ran the length of the wall, he slid one side open and looked inside. Nothing out of the ordinary. He opened the other side, sliding the door so hard that it came to a stop with a clunk at the other end of the rail. Turning he looked to the bedroom door in case it had woken the guy on the floor; then looked back inside. Plenty out of the ordinary here, he thought—dresses, lingerie, huge dildos and lube in a drawer—and postal uniforms, some old, some new and not even worn yet, some with shorts, some with long pants with waterproof jackets. He stared at them and said out loud, “Why’d you dress up as a postman, you fucking weirdo?”   Almost a thousand people or more must have passed as Rann stood watching the café for the next hour, taking a moment here and there to check on the postman. And at just after four fifteen, he saw the Aston Martin pull up with the unmistakable figure of that prick Chendrill getting out, holding onto his ribs with one hand as he did, walking straight over, ordering a coffee; then, sitting himself down next to where Williams sat with two of his friends pretending not to be cops, he started to chat. Seconds later, Chendrill pulled out his phone, dialed it, and moments later Rann felt the buzz from his phone tingling in his pocket.    Pulling it out, he sat himself down on the back of Samuel Meeken’s black leather sofa and, before Chendrill could speak, he said, “I’ll be there at five like you said.”   Then he watched as Chendrill shook his head, raised his eyes and looked to Williams sitting next to him, and watched his mouth move and heard Chendrill say through the earpiece, “I said three.”   Rann smiled and shuffled his turban, catching his reflection in one of the many mirrors.    “No, mate you said five, I’ll be there at five on Davie Street right?” and heard Chendrill say, “No—Denman.”    Then he hung up and holding the binoculars to his eyes, watched as the others got up and stretched their legs, Chendrill telling the others what he’d just heard, mouthing the words, ‘the dumb fuck’ as he did.    Then Rann’s phone rang again, but this time it was Bill Moore telling him his shipment had arrived and was waiting for him in his storage lock up.    “You sure?” Rann said, staring at the road at Chendrill now standing, stretching his arms in the air as he heard the man’s voice nervous on the other end of the line saying, “Yes, it’s there and once it’s gone, if you come near me again… I’m going to kill you… And I don’t care about what happens next.”   Yeah yeah, Rann thought as he looked to the weirdo guy still out on the floor, then again to the big pair of platform high heels by the door. He’d heard it all before. ‘Come near me again and I’ll kill you,’ death threats were as common to him as a plumber heard people tell them they never washed shit down the plug hole of the sink.    Knowing he’d just saved another soul and the man would one day realize this himself, he said, “If they’re there as requested then send me a photo of the box in the locker I asked for and you’ll get your wish.”   And seconds later, the picture arrived on his phone, the box all sealed and professionally packaged just as the Kiwi pharmacist who had skipped out of Auckland decades before had put together for him, now sitting there on the concrete floor framed nicely in the middle of the orange storage locker with the number 1133 sitting right above the door frame.    Fuck me it’s here, Rann thought as he closed his phone and stood. Now Chendrill was moving along the road, stretching his legs, coming right below the apartment, passing the telephone. Reaching out, Rann picked up the house phone, hit redial, and watched as the pay phone in the street below caught Chendrill’s attention in amongst the traffic. Ignoring it for a second, Chendrill stood there below him, staring into nowhere in his big red flowery shirt, then he looked back towards the phone and walked over and picked it up just in time to hear Rann say, “You really are one big fucking dumb cunt!”   Then Rann hung up and, like a sniper hiding deep in the apartment, watched Chendrill standing there like a parrot looking up at the buildings and along the street with no clue.    Rann looked around the apartment again, then to Samuel Meeken, still laying there unconscious on the floor. He’d been out a long time. But that could happen if you took a big hit right on the chin. He stared at the door, then back to Meeken on the floor. Walking over, he felt the man’s pulse. Still good. He wiped his prints from everything he’d touched, including the phone and dialed 911, listening for the answer before dropping it on the floor next to where the weirdo lay. Then he walked along the corridor past the oversized women’s shoes all neatly lined up and out of the apartment. He took the staircase down to the emergency exit and, walking across the garden’s newly cut grass, headed towards the park and away from Chendrill standing out there in the open on Denman Street with a pickle up his ass. ******Rann made it to the outside of the storage lockers and watched the building from afar. The place was deserted. If anyone was waiting for him, there would be a police vehicle sitting there somewhere with its big tires and bumper and round black aerial transmitters sitting on the roof.    He walked to the back and let himself in with the passcode and entered the building, walking the long corridor of orange lockers and stopping at 1143. He opened it, stepped inside, and pulled the door down behind him. He opened the canvas bag sitting at the locker’s rear, pulled out a small battery-operated drill, and started to make a tiny hole in the locker’s rear wall.    Pushing his turban back a bit, Rann pushed his eye against the hole, looked through, and smiled. Yes it was there, he thought, sitting right in the center of the locker just as the picture sent to his phone an hour before had shown.    He put down the drill and pulled out a pair of tin-snips and worked the sharp end into the hole he’d just made. He began cutting out a hole big enough to reach through and pull back the box full of the hard-on pills that were going to make him rich.    He was there and he had done it. 
