
Chapter Twenty-EightIt was just after four the next day when Patrick arrived at the offices of Slave and within ten minutes had told Mazzi Hegan he didn’t know a good thing when he saw it.    “Me?” Mazzi Hegan replied in complete astonishment and, without taking a breath, quickly reeled off his entire resume, which ended with Dan, the now international sensation who was fuck all before he lifted his lens to him.   And with both hands raised, Patrick had said to him, “Trust me.”   “What?” asked Hegan as he rubbed his right hand through his already combed straight blonde locks.    “Trust me—the girl has talent, pure talent and that’s the truth.” And the truth was that at that precise moment Patrick was having trouble remembering what the girl looked like. So he said, “She’s got a face you never forget.”   “And that’s the talent?” Mazzi Hegan asked.   “No—it’s something beyond words, Mazzi. It’s beauty, it’s vulnerability, it’s childlike innocence, it’s honesty—she gives off more energy than any actress or model you’ll ever meet.”   Mazzi walked to the window and looked out. There was this guy working in the coffee shop across the road he’d seen earlier who was so hot and had the tightest shorts on. He turned back saying, “The girl just spent two years as a cocktail waitress at the one hotel in the world where every successful producer, agent, movie star, and director walks through and not one of them has picked up on this—but you did? You—the guy who only last week sold condominiums who’s now a world authority on beauty and talent? You know there’s this fit guy working across the road. Do you see me going over there and laying a six-month contract on him so I can see what’s inside his shorts?”   To which Patrick simply said, “Trust me.”   Anyway, it was beyond Mazzi now to get in a spat with the hired gun, even if he was part owner and had shares in Slave. Sebastian was the man to talk with and he had something he needed to get sorted out ASAP. So he said the words that had sold him over a thousand homes, “Mazzi, don’t be the guy who got left behind—never turn your back on something that other people just haven’t seen yet.”   Then he said, “Sebastian’s putting up the money for this picture Slave’s making. Dan’s got the lead, Marshaa’s signing with me and moving here just so as she can be in it—it’s that good. She wants to be a movie star.”   “Excuse me?” Hegan asked, his mindset suddenly changing. As much as he totally hated her with her long hair and better nails than his own, she was money in the bank and huge kudos. But still not wanting to be beaten, said, “We don’t need that slut around here.”   And without missing a beat, Sebastian walked into the room and said, “Marshaa’s had enough of Gill, said she’s always in bed when she calls, and now she’s told her she’ll have to use the coach instead of flying first class, so she’s coming here—she wants Patrick to represent her. Gill Banton’s going crazy, blaming me, saying I poached her, says I’m the one who invited him along to her party.”   Then Patrick piped up, “And the movie’s only going to cost us five million.”   “Us? You mean, me, Patrick. Me,” Sebastian said as he picked up his dog Fluffy and sat down on his favorite chair. He said it again, “You mean, me, Patrick—you want me to foot the five million?”    And Patrick answered, “It’s actually eight. Buffy’s doing the numbers and you’ll get the three back—off the government when it’s done. You’re going to love it.”    Sebastian sat there stroking his dog and looked to Mazzi who was staying silent. He looked at Patrick. The guy had come to them for a life makeover and already, just from being in his presence, they were getting one. Then just as he heard Patrick say, “You can’t put a price on quality.”   Sebastian said, “I haven’t even read the script, Patrick.”    Neither had Patrick—at least not properly. He had skim read it, of course, in the bar at the Wiltshire with one eye on the type and his other on Megan’s ass. He said, “It’s incredible, absolutely out of this world.”    “Why?”    Mazzi Hegan knew that, in Sebastian’s mind, the money was already in Patrick’s pocket for the piece of shit film he’d scraped off the floor in Hollywood—as Marsha’s signature to Slave was worth double. So he said, “What’s it about?”      “Oh it’s incredible,” Patrick piped up not even knowing the answer. “It’s about love, relationships, honesty and space—outer space.”    That’s it, he was remembering now, the bit in the space ship where they are trapped and the capsule is going to crash into the moon. He held up his hands and said, “Outer space and Inner space—the turmoil and beauty of young love and the unconscious emotional state one finds oneself in when confronted with one’s darkest fears.”   Mazzi Hegan wasn’t giving up. He walked back to the window to take another look at the coffee shop. The guy was there now, and bending over to boot. He carried on, “What the fuck does that mean?”    And just as Patrick was about to say ‘Trust me.’ Sebastian answered for him, “It means, Mazzi, we get Marsha up here instead of Gill Banton having her down there. So it’s a go.”    That and the fact you’ll have an excuse to chat with Chuck Chendrill every minute of the day for the next six months, Mazzi Hegan thought, but—for once—he kept his mouth shut. And he wasn’t wrong, as the first thing Sebastian did when he got back to his office was call Chendrill, saying, “Chuck it’s an emergency. We’ve just done a deal with Marshaa and I need to know Dan’s not going to be upset.”    And all he heard Chendrill say back was, “Dan’s fine with it.”   “You sure?”   “Yeah he’s good, Sebastian—don’t worry.”   “Good, can you come over and pick up a script we need him to read?”    “When?”    “Now, is that okay? Why? Where are you? Where’s Dan. Is he okay?”   Chendrill answered, “He’s fine, he’s in his room studying for his exams.”    Sebastian smiled. It was the answer he wanted to hear, and Chendrill knew it. Then Sebastian asked again, “Where are you—are you at the house?”   He was.    “Good, can you come over to the office and pick up the script?”    “You pay me to look after Dan, Sebastian, not run errands—you’ve got Belinda for that kind of stuff.”    And without having missed a beat, he heard Sebastian say, “Great, I’ll see you here in about half an hour then.”   Chendrill drove the Aston Martin along the road and headed into downtown, wondering if it was worth it—a grand a day plus car. Not really, if truth be told, but he was getting to hang out with Dan’s mother in the process—and had been doing just that in her bed when Sebastian had called. He did get the odd idiot to deal with, like the Punjabi warrior, even if the man did have the angle on him yesterday. And now Marsha was on the payroll, he thought, and that would bring to him paparazzi without a doubt, and stalkers, and the odd spat at a club and trips to and from the airport. He pulled the Aston up outside Slave’s offices and looked up to see Mazzi Hegan looking out of the window.    He reached the offices upstairs and heard Mazzi call out as he passed by, “Red and royal blue will never do baby.” And then heard Sebastian say as he entered his office, “He’s got a thing about your shirts and the Aston Martin, Chuck, he says the colors don’t blend.”    Chendrill looked down at his shirt and then at himself in the mirror by the door. The shirt had red and blue in it and yellow and green as well, so what was the problem? He said, “Don’t expect me to be picking Marshaa up at the airport. Life’s too short for that kind of work Sebastian.”   Sebastian stood and smiled, holding out his hand, “We’ve got Belinda on contract for that Chuck. You’re the best PI in town—that’s why we have you here, not to drive a taxi.” He reached down to the desk and handed Chendrill a newly printed script and said, “Could you ask Dan to read this? Patrick’s got him the lead and the director’s coming into town tomorrow to meet him.”    Chendrill nodded, “That’s it?”   “And can you make sure he’s here in the morning to meet him?”    “I thought I was a PI?”    “Oh you are Chuck, and a good one—we both know that. But could you just do me this little bitty favor, you see I’m having an early night tonight and if I know you’re there for me, then I’m going to sleep. Belinda does a great job, but she’s never the one who turns up to do the job—and I’ve heard the guy she sends has a thing about the garden.”   They were the same person, Chendrill thought, the same person. He said, “Belinda and the guy are the same person. Belinda’s a guy, not a girl.”   Sebastian almost believed him. Then he burst out laughing and said, “Oh Chuck, stop it dear, you had me going then didn’t you,” and walked out of the office. Chendrill heard Sebastian call out to Mazzi in the office next door, “Mazzi, Chuck’s getting me at it again, he is saying Belinda’s a man!” Then he came back in and, picking up his dog and sitting down, said in his perfect English accent, “Would you like a biscuit?” 
