Chapter Thirty-ThreeRann Singh stood in the bathroom looking at himself in the mirror and wondered if he would be able to go out into the world with a bald head. Fuck, he looked odd with his big ears sticking out. He took a wash cloth, ran it under the cold tap, and placed it across both his swollen eyes. Archall Diamond would be back over soon, probably with his two goons who wore fighter clothes but couldn’t fight and if anyone drew a Taser, he’d break their arm clean—same for a gun, he thought.    He walked back to the living room still holding the towel to his eye and sat down looking to the box that he’d wrapped so carefully with the Kiwi and so very nearly lost. It was still mostly full, bar a couple of packets that Archall Diamond must have snagged or his girlfriend had for that matter, not that she’d need them, he thought. Any guy who was having trouble around her already knew it and had been to the doctor.    He picked up the phone and dialed the estate agent in Kenya without a worry for the bill he knew he’d never pay. It would be early in the morning there now, but what the fuck—the guy either wanted to sell the ranch or he didn’t. When he answered, Rann said in the tongue his family had elected to call their own but wasn’t theirs, “You up, it’s Rann Singh. You still want to sell that ranch?”   The guy did, very much so, so much so that Rann could hear the man’s voice go from sleepy to wide awake in the matter of seconds it had taken him to say his first words.    “I am selling the house, yes.” He heard the man reply.    Then, this time in English, he asked, “How much you want for it?”   And the voice on the other end said, “Everything is yours sir, home, land village, tractor, everything. The furniture too and you can keep on the staff sir, everything is the same, sir. My client will sell for $750,000 for the title.”   Rann thought about it, remembering the name his grandfather had used as a curse word for so many years after the man who bought the property off him low-balled him in the deal at the last minute. He asked, “The guy selling the place, his name ain’t Blou, is it?”    The estate agent, silent for a second, then answered, “Yes, I believe Mr. Blou is the current title holder of the aforementioned property.”    Rann wondering why the man had to dress it up with fancy words when all he had to do was say ‘yes’. The man Blou, the South African selling it now after low-balling his grandfather, dropping his bid to only two hundred thousand dollars just as they were about to sell, knowing Rann’s grandfather had just lost his son and had to go look after Rann.    Fuck him, Rann thought, he’d low-ball him and if the guy was hungry enough, he’d take it and if the deal went through, there’d be enough in change to live off once he’d flown his grandfather and grandmother back first class. He said, “What about the zebra?”   “Zebra died sir.”   Fuck, he wanted that. He remembered it as a kid when he’d visited and loved the stories his grandfather used to tell of being chased for no reason by the animal they’d saved after they’d watched its mother become lunch one afternoon out on the Mara. Then he heard the guy say, “But we can have one here for you—you’ll have the zebra. I’ll supply it myself if necessary.”   Then Rann said, chancing his hand, “I’m going to turn up two days’ time with two hundred thousand and one Canadian dollars. Call the guy now and wake him up—ask him if he’ll take it or not.” Then Rann followed it up with a slogan he’d read on a bench not long ago, put there by a guy with whom he’d lately had some dealings,  “Tell him ‘He can’t afford not to’.”   Then there was a silence that went on for so long that for a moment Rann thought the line had gone dead, then the estate agent came back on the line and said, “Well I’m very surprised, but my client wants to move to the coast. You see, he has another place there, so I suppose your slogan worked. The answer’s ‘yes’. Wire me a twenty percent deposit please to seal the deal and we’ll see you in a couple of days.”    And as he hung up the phone, the entry phone buzzer rang for the second time that day and this time it was Nina’s ex. ******Archall Diamond came in the front door and the first thing he asked for was his tooth. Rann answered, “You’ll get it as soon as you’ve got the tablets and I’ve got my money. Then you can leave and I’ll stick it in the post for you.”   “Na,” Archall Diamond said back and looked to both his goons, who were in worse shape than Rann.   “I heard, you see, if you lose a tooth and stick it back in quick enough, it latches on and grows back in.”   How can it grow back in? Rann thought, feeling Archall’s tooth in his pocket as they spoke and wondering if it was somehow attaching itself to his jeans or had been trying to attach itself to his foot, where he’d found it in the bathroom. He said, “Well we better be quick then ain’t we, and when we’re done, stand down by the road and I’ll drop your tooth out the window.” Then Archall saw the box sitting on the coffee table.   “Hey, these the same ones?” he said.    And Rann said, “How can that be when you got them?” Archall Diamond thought it through. Rann was right, how was he to know the ones he stole were missing, unless Nina had been over and given them to him. But why would she when he was such a moron. He said, “Well these ones better be from that Swedish scientist guy.”   What the fuck was this idiot going on about now, coming in here all tough with two thugs he’d just beaten up so bad they’d had to Taser him to win. He said, “What Swedish guy?”    “You said they were done by a Swedish guy. A syintist and he put extra stuff in to make you happy, they better be them ones, right.”   “Yeah they are,” Rann said, “same Swedish guy. Came from Auckland, used to play rugby for the all-blacks.”   “You said he was a white guy.”   Fuck me.     Sitting down, Archall took a deep breath and felt the stiffness in his pants as he sucked air through the gap in his teeth. Pulling out his phone, he opened the calculator function, started doing math, and said, “You got 30,000 packets with six tabs in each at five dollars a tablet, less the tenth commission fee we spoke about, so that is, that is, that is—let’s say four dollars and seventy-five a tab and there’s six in the pack that makes it, eight hundred and fifty-five say thousand dollars for your box.”   “And your tooth,” Rann said.   “Yeah, that’s a given.”    Then out of nowhere, Rann said, knowing full well he was never going to see the prick again, “Why don’t you give me 50% upfront now for the next batch so as you can buy exclusivity with me and when the next batch comes through, as I know I’ve got a buyer and don’t need to go through any bullshit, then you can have them for 30% less including your tenth commission.”   Archall Diamond weighed it up. He’d got the fractional ‘-ths’s all worked out—that was easy, but percentages were still an issue, and 30% less sounded like he was on the losing side. And as straight as this plastic Punjabi turban-less cocksucker seemed now, there had to be an angle, and top of it all, he didn’t know what exclusivity meant. Either way, even if the stuff here cost him $800,000 at $4.75 a pop, then he was going to double that and sell them at $24.00 and get back about three million. So, he said, “You can forget the 30% less shit and the exclusivity clause because from now on, you’se only gonna be dealing with the Diamond. And when the Diamond gives upfront money, the Diamond’s gonna be cashing his money off coupons, so next time round you’se not getting the five dollars a tab less the tenth. You’se getting five dollars less a twentieth ’cos for that kind of deal Rasheed took a third straight off the top. But he ain’t here and it’s me your dealing with and you looking at taking a hit on the ‘-ths’s. If you don’t like it, you can go cry me a river—tremble and shiver ’cos Archall Diamond’s in charge now.”   Math still wasn’t Archall Diamond’s strong point.   Rann’s Sikh god Guru Nanak was definitely looking out for him. ******Settling on a simple extra three hundred thousand upfront for the next batch of pills, Archall Diamond would never see Rann Singh again. Rann stood on his balcony, one million one hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars richer.    Writing ‘keep on smiling’ on the front of a sealed envelope and hoping it would get stuck in a tree, Rann dropped Archall Diamond’s front tooth over the edge to him and his two goons, who were just as stupid as Archall was—if not more. Then carrying the cash in a blue sports bag, a small amount of clothes, and his Kenyan passport, Rann came out the front door and, with his head feeling like a boiled egg, jumped into a taxi, hit the first international bank with a branch in Nairobi, bought seven banker’s drafts to the tune of one hundred grand each, and carried on to the airport where he proudly bought a business class seat all the way to Nairobi via Munich. At nine thirty in the evening, just as he was about to board the plane, he kept his promise to Nina and called Charles Chuck Chendrill, “Here superstar detective,” he said, “if you’re on the beach at English Bay waiting for the fireworks to happen, then you will’ve probably heard, there’s supposed to be some skydiving lunatic going to come flying in and swoop the crowd, but I can tell you, save your neck for later, ’cos the guy’s name is...”   “Paawan,” Chendrill said for him, “I know, we’re supposed to meet.”    And without a breath, Rann carried on, “Well Paawan won’t be coming ’cos he’s dead. A man named Archall Diamond killed him—lives at Rasheed’s place now—he floated him as he likes to call it. Put him in a truck inner tube, weighted him down, and kicked him off the pier as the tide was turning down there in that part of Surrey where the people live and pretend they from another district. Let him float out to sea. Archall Diamond did it because Paawan was fucking his sweet girl.”   “And how do you know this?” asked Chendrill.   “’Cos Diamond told me, and so did his girl Nina, but she ain’t gonna be around to say otherwise. She’s leaving, same as me, as Diamond just bought all those tablets you pretended you had and the guy’s no good at math, so I’m out of your hair. If you don’t believe me, see if he shows tonight. See if the man flies in like he’s supposed to and when he does, buy him a beer from me. But if he don’t, then you’ll know where he is and apparently he weren’t a good swimmer.”   Then taking him by surprise, Chendrill said, “You know that postman’s still in a coma, don’t you?”    And Rann said, “Well he shouldn’t answer the door wearing nothing but a hat, then should he?”   And with that, Rann Singh, the blackmailing Swahili-speaking Sikh with a ten dan black belt in karate and a blackout temper, was out of Chendrill’s life for good. 				******Chendrill sat in the executive box up above the sands of English Bay, no longer looking to the sky. He put his phone back into his pocket. Leaning over, he said to Sebastian the same words Rann had just spoken, as deep down he knew they were true.    “Save your neck—he’s not coming.”   Rasheed had been looking out for the man over a week ago when they’d met the night before he’d died—maybe at the hands of his kung fu friend who outside the restaurant he remembered had given him the hardest kick to the throat he’d ever felt.    “How do you know, Chuck?” asked Sebastian, who’d only walked a couple of blocks to get to the bay and now sat in his section with an empty row of chairs and a view of the fireworks far worse than he had from his living room, with its luxurious penthouse view out across the bay. Patrick had called with some bullshit excuse, he’d thought. Dan hadn’t called, but he wasn’t expecting he would and Mazzi, he knew, liked to be with the people on the sand. But Chuck was there for him, there with his new girl holding her hand, hoping Sebastian wouldn’t see, but he had and it was wonderful. Turning as he heard Chuck say to him, “Maybe I could be wrong though, so keep an eye open—but I doubt it.”    Then he sat there and without thinking, he squeezed Tricia’s hand for a moment. Looking at him, she said, “What’s the matter?”    Chendrill shook his head, but deep down he wished he was a cop again. Intelligence like that used to come to him all the time when he was and it was simple enough after a while to sort the seed from the chaff, and this wasn’t the latter. He said, “Just work.” Or that’s what it used to be, but now he was an overpaid babysitter who scared off blackmailers and tracked down the odd pimp cum psychopath in his spare time—but that one had been for Daltrey.    Slowly, the sun began to set and Paawan hadn’t shown as he’d wanted to, coming in from the heavens as he spiralled down, leaving his trail of smoke high in the sky from the canister strapped to his ankle and letting his chute go at the last minute to drift down to the applause of hundreds of thousands on the beach.    He’d been planning it for months, Rasheed had said, letting everyone he could know it was a secret, telling all and sundry to keep it on the low down, knowing before long, everyone would know his name and would be waiting. But as the crowd waited for the man to fall from the sky, he didn’t show, just as Rann Singh had said.   The first tester rocket ripped up from the barge as twilight set the stage for a million people to sit in awe. It was in amongst all these people that Sebastian felt more alone than he ever had. Standing, he placed his hand upon Chendrill’s shoulder, made his excuses, and thought of Patrick as he made his way against the flow of latecomers hopeful of finding a place to stand or sit and watch in silence as the night sky filled with its spectacle of color and light. The guy had come into his company looking for a makeover and turned the place upside down. It was quite funny really, even if he was getting himself on the hook for millions, but what the heck, he could make a hundred and still be comfortable—and he’d never made a movie, so it would pass the time.    He’d let everyone have some fun and watch the chaos, he thought, then bring in a heavy hitter producer he knew to straighten out the nonsense, pay for the thing himself, and keep final edit so nothing bad could tarnish his and Slave’s already good name. It would be fun watching Patrick bullshit his way through it all and as long as Adalia Seychan behaved herself and the script was fine, which it would be in the end, all would be good.   He carried on up the street, weaving through the crowd and the youth—some already drunk on cheap booze—Fluffy was home alone, he thought, and would be all afraid—the duvet placed against the window hung with safety pins from the curtain rail of his bedroom doing little to dampen the explosions that would terrify the poor dog’s mind. And as he opened the bedroom door, he reached down and held little Fluffy in his arms and stood looking from the living room window high above the city in his penthouse suite out across the bay at the night sky as the fireworks started racing and swirling high into the heavens, the thoughts came of Alan, who he missed so dearly. As the tears came, sending small streams of sadness and joy running down his soft skin, he held Fluffy tight to his chest as he had held Alan years before down there in amongst the crowds, when it was just the two of them in amongst a million other souls who all cared about nothing else for that moment bar an explosive sky.     Chendrill sat there alone with Dan’s mother, the sole occupants of a ten-thousand-dollar box courtesy of Sebastian, and watched the sparkles rain down from the heavens. Tricia lay in his arms, her head resting softly on his chest as he leaned back in the chair, watching the red and gold, pink and blue sky that matched one of her boyfriend’s shirts, thinking she was in love now as Chendrill watched the crowd thinking that somewhere out there amongst them all, Archall Diamond would be sitting there too—and he wanted to speak to him.    And he was right, only Archall wasn’t sitting, he was laying, upside down, back to front with the crowd, with his head down in a hole in the sand and his face twisted up towards the sea like a patient in a dentist’s chair, trying to stay still long enough for gravity to hold his tooth in place, so as it could grow back in.    He’d done his work for the day, bought the other batch of hard-on pills the flash Paki with the now bald head had hanging around. He’d handed them out to his dealers and anyone else who’d take them for free—just at first, of course, let them circulate for a bit. Keeping his tooth in with his tongue as he spoke, he’d told them as he distributed the tablets, “They were made in Scindinavian by a rugby syintist who’s a black guy and cool ’cos I know him, lives in Auckland in Sweden, is a professor at a university there.’    And they work he’d said, “I’se had a boner all day and your dick gets so hard you can’t believe the tricks you can do with it.” ******The next morning, like a dog looking for an old bone it had buried, Chendrill drove away from his apartment, dropped Tricia off at her home, and checked on Dan, who hadn’t moved from the same spot, it seemed, he’d seen him in the evening before. He drove out of town and ripped the Aston Martin along the highway, heading east towards Surrey.    He reached the monster home painted bright pink that used to be Rasheed’s, looked at the two terracotta lions that guarded the entranceway, and walked through, taking a peek in the garage as he did. Then the front door opened and he heard Archall Diamond say, “You looking for Rasheed? Well he’s not here because he’s dead.”   Chendrill looked at the guy, standing there in his track suit and running shoes, but with a fat gut. He said, “Who gave you the fat lip?”    And Archall said again, “Rasheed ain’t here, he died.”    Chendrill stared at the man looking back at him touching around his front tooth with his tongue. He said, “You got any of them pills that make your dick grow?” And watched as Archall Diamond shook his head.    Then heard him say, “No, but I like your shirt.”    Chendrill nodded appreciating the compliment and thinking the man did have taste after all. Then he said, “Thanks, you ever heard of a guy by the name of Paawan?” And watched as Archall Diamond opened his mouth and took a deep breath, showing his front tooth with a diamond in it, his tongue pushing hard up against its bottom.    “Who’s looking?” And Chendrill offered out his hand.    “Chuck Chendrill, private investigator. We met before at the bar, just before Rasheed passed on but for some reason you kept to yourself.”    As Archall nodded, trying to look cool, closing his mouth and turning his head from side to side, he said, “Yeah, it’s the way I operate. You looking for Paawan? I don’t know, he was a friend of Rasheed’s, nothing to do with me.”   “Was? Like he’s dead?” Chendrill said straight back, knowing the man had already fucked up putting the skydiver in the past tense.    And Archall Diamond quickly came back, “No I mean he was Rasheed’s friend and Rasheed’s dead, that’s what I meant.”   “He’s still alive then?”   And Archall shrugged, saying. “Could be, could be alive, but you know he liked to try to fly and you can’t say one way or the other with those kind of people. When you walking, sometimes you see birds all squashed on the ground, feathers all over the place and shit. You know those people, they ain’t easy to insure.”    “Neither are gangsters,” Chendrill said.    And Archall came straight back at him, “Yeah but gangsters don’t need insurance because they rich.”   “Till they fuck up and go to jail or die like Rasheed. Who killed him?”   “You looking for Paawan or you looking for what happened to Rasheed? If it’s Rasheed, go ask the cops, they looking into that one. As for the prick who thinks he can fly, go ask someone who gives a shit.”    Then, throwing it out there, Chendrill said, “I heard you took Paawan crabbing only it was him you used as bait.”    And watched as Archall Diamond opened his mouth again and pushed up on his diamond studded front tooth. Then he said, “Well only fools listen to bullshit.”    And only fools kept inner tubes, concrete breeze blocks, and chains in their garage after they’d used the same apparatus to drown someone, Chendrill thought as he said his thanks and left.    He reached the Aston, climbed in, and was about to leave when Archall Diamond appeared at his window and, pushing his front tooth up with his tongue as he spoke, asked, “So, you gonna let me know who’s been going around saying I been killing people then?”   And putting the car into gear, Chendrill looked at him and said as he began to pull away, “You.”    ******So Rann Singh was right, Chendrill thought, as he cruised away from the house looking to Archall Diamond getting smaller in his rear-view mirror, standing there with his finger in his mouth, he’d dig deeper, get to the bottom of it, then wait till he hit the downtown core and have Williams make the arrest.    And what was the deal with the guy trying to talk with either his finger in his mouth or his tongue sticking out?******Archall Diamond stood watching as the guy in the cool shirt and the Aston Martin disappeared up the road and turned the corner, and thought, fuck him what did he know? The guy coming here uninvited, getting smooth with him. He had nothing, had fuck all, wasn’t even a real cop, then he said out loud, “Go look for the fucker in the ocean if you’re that worried about him and take some scuba gear with you—it’s a big place—you big fucking ape.”    He took a deep breath and calmed himself down. Yeah, he thought, it’s a big place and even he couldn’t tell how far the riptide had taken him before the man dropped under—after all, there’s no way he could have swam out, not after having the car squash him down like it had. “So, fuck him,” he said again out loud and put his finger on the bottom of his diamond centered front tooth, pushing it hard back up into his gum. Fuck it was getting sore. That plastic prick wannabe Punjabi Rann doing his kung fu shit on him like that when all he was there for was to do a deal. Next time he saw him, he’d float him for what he did with his foot. Yeah, he’d float him—float the fucker like he had with Paawan ’cos he kicked his tooth out—that’s what he’d do. But what about the tablets? he thought, as he walked up the steps to the big door of the house. He needed the fucker for the tablets, and the tablets made him feel good. Then he got it and smiled as he worked it out in his mind. All he’d need to do was go to Sweden himself like the plastic Punjabi had, find the guy at the university there, it shouldn’t be hard, how many black guys were science professors in Auckland? It’d be easy—everyone was blonde over there anyway. That’s what he’d do, go there, sort it out, cut out the middle man, come back, wack a few tabs back, and break open the cocoa pops. And that, he thought, as he reached the kitchen with a big grin on his face, was exactly what he was going to do right now. ******Chendrill hit the highway and wondered how Dennis, the dentist with the beautiful wife, was doing and felt a tinge of guilt inside as he passed by the turnoff from the highway to where the man had lived. Was he still in the basement and was the high-end whore who could no longer walk sucking his dick now? He hoped so, he thought, hoped she’d seen the light and settled down with the good man, which Dennis no doubt was. But could the man stay with her knowing she was only there because she’d been hobbled? Truth was he probably could, and for as long as she was with him, hobbled or not, he would love her, cherish every moment they were together and hope that she would not ever leave him again.    Two hours later and with the family size packet of cocoa pops now empty, Archall Diamond was done, spent, exhausted, his dick so sore from propelling cereal into the air from its tip he could hardly move. This problem with his tooth though was becoming an issue. Three times he’d lost it under the fridge and it was obvious the thing wasn’t growing back like it was supposed to, at least not in any hurry—so still naked and with the air of resignation falling upon him, he picked up his phone with its diamond studded case and called the new driver, Steven, who he’d replaced himself with, and said, “Listen, I need you to find me an underground dentist.”     “An underground dentist?” the guy on the other end of the phone answered.   “Yeah—that’s how we operate, keep everything off the system, ya know off grid, that’s the way we work it.”   And the voice on the other end of the phone said, “It’s just a tooth.”   And Archall said, “Yeah, but I don’t need to be explaining how any of this happened okay or where it happened. You know what I’s saying.”   “Just say you did it playing ice hockey.”    Then Archall said, “Just find me one and as we go along with things, I’ll teach you how the system run, alright—I got to be careful, some private eye guy been sniffing around here, drives an Aston Martin.”   “What’s he want?”   “Not sure,” Archall said, lying through his missing front tooth. “He’s just been looking around; guy probably be working at the mall on the weekend.”   “Why’s he gonna be working at the mall if he’s rides an Aston?”   “Might not be his?”   “What’s his name?”    Archall thought about it but couldn’t remember, so he said, “Didn’t get it.”    “How old was he?”   “Old?”   “How old, forties, fifties—sixty plus.”   “Yeah, he was getting up there,” Archall said, still not having a clue. Then carried on saying, “Older than me and you yeah.”    Then Steven asked, “He have on a loud shirt?”   “Yeah a cool one.”   “Was his name Chuck—Chuck Chendrill?”   “Yeah that’s it, how’d you know?”   “The guy’s a legend. Was driving about in a Ferrari, must have got an Aston now though—he ain’t no mall cop for fuck’s sake.”   “You know him?” Archall asked again, now getting nervous.    “No, I know of him, like I say he’s a legend, used to be a cop but now he’s out there on his own in the corporate world, still likes to solve murders for fun though. You know that cop woman was burned to death last month downtown?”   Archall didn’t know. “Yeah,” he said.   “Well they said it was him who caught the guy and cut off his head.”    Archall said, “Sounds like bullshit—was the woman cop hot?”   “So they say. Anyway you know that old saying, a Mountie always gets his man?”   “No.”   “Well, they say that’s true, but if Chendrill’s involved, he gets him first.”   “Oh yeah,” Archall said, shitting himself, his mind racing now, and was about to carry on as his driver butted in, “But you got nothing to worry about? You ain’t been killing anyone, have you? And why would he be interested in a small fry like you, ecstasy and shit ain’t his thing.” Then he laughed, saying, “You just need a dentist ’cos you got your tooth knocked out. But if you’ve been stupid and murdered someone—then you’re fucked man.”     And that’s when Dennis got the call, which came a few hours after, just as Alla had called out from her bed again with a feeling of relief she, for some time now, would have never thought imaginable. She’d woke after dreaming she could move her feet and as she’d lifted the covers to look, she’d realized it was true.    “Oh my God, Oh my God.” She screamed out to her husband who was halfway through the phone call from Archall, listening to him going on about his tooth and hearing his wife call out in the background about how she could move her feet, and, as he blanked out Archall, he knew it was the best news—and the worst news—he had ever heard.  ******Two hours later, he opened the door to his basement suite to see Archall Diamond standing outside with two guys with black eyes in fighters’ shirts and a low rider Mercedes with a dented roof parked in the neighbor’s driveway. Dennis said, “You can’t park there, that’s the neighbor’s driveway.”    And Archall Diamond replied, “We can ’cos we gangsters.”   They stepped in and looked around. Archall Diamond saying, “I thought you dentists were rich.”    Dennis asking, “How can I help?”   They passed through the living room, all three of them staring at the beautiful girl sitting on the sofa watching TV and entered the surgery Dennis had set up in the back room, where he had a small recliner, some tools, an old dentist drill he’d kept from his student days, and a lamp he’d reappropriated from a movie set after everyone went home and left him to do the clean up. Backstreet dentistry paid well, but only half the price of front street. But it was better than humping sandbags in the movie business and would do until his licence came back again.   Sitting himself down on the recliner and half looking through the crack in the door to Alla watching the TV, then around to his two heavies who couldn’t fight standing there trying to look cool, Archall said, “I was playing ice hockey and the bat, stick thing took my tooth out.” And smiling, he showed Dennis what he’d seen as soon as he’d opened the front door. Washing his hands and putting on a pair of gloves, then pulling the tooth out with his fingers, Dennis said, “You’ll be needing surgery to fix it.”    And heard Archall say, “I’s not growing back in then?”    Dennis looked at the guy, taking in what he’d just said, then looking to the heavies staring at the tooth, shook his head and answered, “No—you’ll need a prosthetic built and since we’ve got the tooth, it’ll be easy. I’ll get the diamond set in it as well if you want to keep the look.”   “Right bang in the center?” Archall Diamond replied and looked again to Alla sitting on the sofa. Then Dennis carried on saying, “I can do it for you right here if you’d like. Have the prosthetic made, the diamond set in it, and fit it back in right here and when I’m done, your smile will light up the room.”   Archall looked around the room. It was pretty dark in there. He said. “In here?”    And Dennis told him, “You can go to some shopping mall practice with all the glitz and glam and chances are you’ll have a smile that looks fake—with me you won’t. It’s not the chair you’re sitting on or the fancy store front that fixes your teeth, it’s the guy holding the tools.” And he wasn’t wrong.     ******Mazzi Hegan stood in the bedroom of his swishy penthouse suite and put on the tightest pair of shorts he could find so as there was no way he could hide his banana, and picking his loosest, shortest top, he grabbed his rollerblades, sunglasses, and headphones and headed out the door.    It was Sunday, it was sunny, and he was in Vancouver. Stanley Park would be beautiful and the seawall buzzing and he was going to just rock it all the way around the peninsular park, listening to eighties music as loud as he could and roller grooving all the way.    God, he was happy. The fireworks had been sensational and for once he’d put his camera down and spent the evening with the guy from the coffee shop who’d given him a couple of these pills made up by a Swedish doctor that were floating around. Apparently, the guy’d been a rugby player and spent almost five years studying herbs and the male reproductive system in Papua New Guinea and was onto something—because wow, were they great.    Lucking out, he parked the Ferrari right under a huge maple, slapped the blades on, and hit the path, tucking and floating and grooving as he sung out to the soundtrack to Flashdance. Wow, what a feeling it was, he thought. What was in those things? His bedroom was a mess, his living room was a mess, his hair was a mess. But who cared because he’d just had the best sex ever and still he had a chubby going that wouldn’t go away, so why waste it and who cares if it scares someone’s grandma because he was roller grooving baby and that’s what roller groovers did.    He hit the pathway that led down the hill to the pool at Second Beach and tucked, reached the bottom, swirled round twice by the swings, and took a sharp right, then a left through the tunnel that took him under the road, shouting ‘weeeeeeee’ with his arms up as he went through; and as he came out the other side, he saw him coming towards him in the distance, crossing the small bridge at the end of Lost Lake, disappearing for a moment behind some long reeds and then reappearing, twirling on his blades in a perfect pirouette, the sun lighting up his blonde hair as he roller grooved, his top large and loose, his tight shorts squashing his banana beneath the spandex fabric.   Mazzi Hegan carried on towards him, their eyes meeting as they neared each other, the pair slowing and locking eyes as they passed, freewheeling Mazzi cruised to a stop, looking back at the guy as he did the very same, coming to a halt just before the tunnel entrance and staring back at him. Wow! Sensational, he thought, and feeling the sun on his back, he turned and set off again towards the guy who was now coming towards him for another pass, and as their eyes met again, for a second, it was electric.    With a quick double spin, Mazzi Hegan stopped and watched as the man did the same, spinning in around with the grace of a figure skater on ice, and stopping with both legs parted and waiting a moment before slowly cruising back along the path and coming to a halt, standing there in his blades and fluffy socks with what looked like a banana down his pants. Staring at Mazzi, a carbon copy of himself, he said, "You look familiar?"    And that's how Mazzi Hegan met Einer.     The next morning, with a sore ass and throat, Mazzi burst into the office with so much energy he may as well have still been in his rollerblades and announced to all and sundry, "I think I'm in love."   "You've said that before, I think," Sebastian said as he passed him in the corridor carrying a small water dish for Fluffy, and asked, "I take it it's the guy from the coffee shop?"    "No," Mazzi replied, "I was out blading in my shorts and bumped into this guy from Zurich. He's a photographer."    "Really?"    "Yeah and he looks great in shorts. He was blading. I was listening to Flashdance and he was listening to Donna Summers. We passed each other and it was just electric. We went straight back to my place and he fucked me all night because he'd taken these new pills that are floating about that make you look cool in shorts—some Danish rugby player/professor designed them after studying herbs and tribal mating rituals of male elders in Papua New Guinea. They are saying it's the guy’s life's work.”     "Really?" Sebastian said, as he carried on and wondered what the guy, who'd put his entire life to such good work, would think if he knew Mazzi Hegan was popping them like candy and whacking his sword around like Errol Flynn.    He said, "Well be careful if they’re not legal Mazzi. Your body's a finely made tool and you don't want to do yourselves an injury with these things. You know, go too far."    You couldn't not go too far in Mazzi's book, Sebastian thought, that's why he had such a huge selection of oils and power jets in his shower; and he wanted to carry on, saying just that, but thought the better of it right as Mazzi said, "You know we have a great attraction to each other."    Sebastian nodded and understood exactly what Hegan was saying. The first time he and Alan had met in the corridors of the Royal College of Art in London it had been the same for the two of them, except they'd just gone for coffee. But this was Mazzi. Wondering how long this relationship would last, he said, "I'm glad you’ve met someone."    "Oh same—he's bi and so über cool, he's got blonde hair, cut just like mine. Dresses just like me, same height and build, but not down there though—he's bigger and loves sex."    If that’s the case, stay in and stare in the mirror, Sebastian thought, and walked to his office and placed the dish down for Fluffy and wondered how long it would be before he heard his personal secretary tell him Patrick was here or on the phone. And before Fluffy had even began to get his ears wet, he had heard just that. By the time Patrick had reached his office, he had already heard all about Mazzi Hegan’s new guy and, sitting down in his linen suit, said to Sebastian, “That must be the most Mazzi has ever said to me?”   “He’s in love Patrick—don’t worry, tomorrow he’ll be bored with the guy and he’ll go back to ignoring you again.”   “He just hated seeing me every day on the back of the bus I think.”    “It’s not just you, Patrick. It’s the way he is.”   “It is, he’s said as much, said he told me the other day, ‘you’d never see me in a sweater my granny bought me for Christmas’.”   Neither would I, Sebastian thought, not for all the tea in China. He wouldn’t advertise himself on the back of a bus either for that matter, but to each their own. Somehow though it worked for Patrick and here he was now, trying to escape from the years of piling on the bullshit by doing just that—except now in fancier clothes. Wondering what the man’s next move would be, he said, “So, what surprises have you got for me today?”   Patrick had plenty, but if the years of doing deals had taught him one thing, it was timing, so he simply said, “Everything’s cool.”   Everything’s cool, Sebastian thought, cool; in the fact, you’re sitting here smiling first thing in the morning in full knowledge you have a terrible script you’re getting the flower child to repair, a director who’s been sent packing by an aging lead, for whom we’re going to have rent extra floor space to fit her ego into—and that was just for starters. God knows what would be coming their way for the main dish. He looked to the window and for a moment wondered what Chuck Chendrill was doing, then turned back and said, “Well that’s good news. It’s all getting exciting though, isn’t it? Have you put any thought into how you’re going to deal with the fact you’ve got new talent?”   He hadn’t, despite the fact that the two people on whom he’d been selling the show had no actual acting experience—although he had no doubt some of Marshaa’s tantrums were Oscar worthy. But this side of things were someone else’s problem. After all, he didn’t bake the cake—he just delivered the ingredients and someone else mixed them. Besides, they’d be at least a year before they’d get found out and by then, he’d have another project fired up and ready to go. Not lying for once, Patrick said, “Marshaa’s going crazy about the film—she’s so glad she’s signed with Slave.”   “I’m glad she did too, Patrick, that was a great coup. Tell her when you next speak to give me a call— there’s a few projects I’d like her to take a look at and it’s important she’s happy.”   Then Patrick asked, “What about Dan?”   “Dan’s different, Dan needs nurturing. We don’t want to foist him on the world or they’ll get bored. What we should do though is put out a campaign with just Dan, Marsha, and Adalia Seychan’s with nothing other than their pictures together, perhaps with them in a bed or something, get them doing something sexy together, give everyone a taster and get the gossips talking—you know as they say, less is more.”   Patrick begged to differ. In his experience, he’d found the more photos he had of himself in a pressed shirt or a nice sweater with his teeth shinning, the more the phone rang—and it did ring. But for once, he kept quiet and stood and walked to the window and looked out to some young hotties finding their way to work in their nice clothes and sexy shoes. He said, “This guy Mazzi met isn’t an actor, is he?”   Sebastian laughed, the guy who used to sell homes now not able to sit still—always thinking. He said bluntly, “Patrick, worry about the script darling please, or pretty soon you’ll be standing there with a jar full of nothing and have a leading lady who’s looking for the exit sign. And on that subject, you’ll need to let Megan know never to put Adalia Seychan and Marshaa on the same page or they’ll be a cat fight and both of them will have a breakdown.”   Then Patrick said, “It’s okay, they can’t be. I’ve spoken to Megan and we’re changing the script again. Adalia Seychan’s now going to be a space traveler from another universe.”
