Chapter Thirty-SixIt was just after two thirty in the afternoon when Archall Diamond dropped the Mercedes off at the wreckers and asked the owner, who’s name wasn’t Joe, standing there with his unshaven face and greasy white muscle shirt, if he’d be able to lock the wheels to the ground and suck out the dent in the roof with the industrial electromagnet he had on his crane without damaging the paint.    The guy, who hadn’t made it out of high school but was still rich, said, “Yeah no problem we can try—one hundred cash.”   Archall, putting his hand in his pocket, gave him two for good measure. The man waved to his brother in the crane to swing the magnet above the Mercedes. Archall watched it come, asking if he should take his computer out of the trunk in case the magnet destroyed the hard drive and wondering how they were going to hold the wheels to the ground, and then watching as the magnet came down, landing hard on top of the car, carried it off through the air, and dropped it in the crusher in one smooth motion. The guy in his shirt waved his arms, running and shouting as Archall stood there with his mouth open in disbelief, listening as the crusher got to work.   That’s when he got the call from Dennis that his front tooth was ready and there was no hurry, but he could fit him in this afternoon if he was free. Archall Diamond was happy and upset at the same time—he was going to see his girl, but he’d have to use the truck he used to deliver dope to the boonies—and to drop rivals-in-love in the river so they could be carried on the riptide out into the ocean to drown. Trying to sound cool, he said, “Yeah, I’ve got a problem with the car at the moment, but I think I can make it.”   The problem being that all the money he had left in the world, some quarter of a million dollars after Rann Singh had fleeced him, was sitting in the back of his Mercedes, which had just dropped out the back of the crusher in the shape of a four-foot cube. 				******“Which bit do you think is the back?” Archall Diamond asked the guy in the greasy muscle shirt and a black eye as he lowered the now cubed Mercedes off the jib of his tow truck into Archall’s two car garage. Archall stared at his ride, thinking he could make out the shape of his low profiles as he watched it land, and heard the guy say, “Why you got something in it you need?”   Thinking the guy was a moron, Archall said, “Yeah I got my sandwiches in the trunk and I’m hungry.”    Then he told the guy to fuck off and got to work with the industrial metal grinder the man had given him, sending sparks across the ground everywhere, cutting out six inch chunks, working out in fine detail for the better part of an hour how he was going to float the stupid fuck in the crane who destroyed his ride until he found the bag.    Three hours later, he was there standing outside Dennis’s basement suite all cleaned up with his hair combed back and covered in coconut oil. As the door opened he said, “I left the Mercedes up the road, you know, cause I know your neighbors got feelings.”   “You got it fixed then?” Dennis asked as he let him in.    “Kind of,” Archall said as he looked around the place for his new love, smiling as he saw her sitting there barefoot on the sofa with a blanket over her lap and the bottom of her long skinny legs showing—looking at him like they had a connection. Dennis was saying that his tooth was looking fantastic and, not hearing, Archall just said, “Yeah.”   He lay on the recliner chair, the light in his face, Alla’s feet visible in the corner of his eye through the crack in the door. I could float the fucker, he thought, as he felt the small pipe sucking away the spit and blood, smelling the latex gloves Dennis was wearing as he rooted around in Archall’s mouth, trying to make him look cool again whilst he fucked around with his shiny tools.    He’d do it, he thought, let him finish, make sure he was looking good with his diamond back in, pick his moment, and float the fucker. Then he’d come back sparkling to get his wisdom teeth done all innocent like and let his girl cry on his shoulder about how the dentist with the bad breath hadn’t come home. Then he’d say, ‘Come with me, I’ll look after you—live at my palace in Surrey and we can work on how we gonna find you the best back surgeon in the world, so as we can get you fixed up again and go to the hockey game.’     Two hours later, he was done, sitting there in the recliner smiling with his eyes at the man he was planning to drown and at the same time staring at his diamond studded front tooth planted firm and secure in his gum.    Fuck, he thought, it looked perfect—better than before. He said, “It looks like a million dollars.”   Dennis smiled, knowing he’d done good work, looking at the man’s gum line, seeing it had only slightly receded despite the trauma. He said, “Like I said, it’s not the glossy surgery that works on your teeth. It’s the guy holding the tools.”    Yeah whatever, Archall thought, you’ll be feeling fishes’ teeth soon enough, as he held out his hand and shook Dennis’ then turned, moving to get a better look at Alla’s legs through the door. He said, lying, “I’m feeling a little faint. Do you mind if I sit in the living room for a moment whilst I come round? Then I’ll sort out your fee.”   He sat down opposite Alla on a small wicker chair and stared at her eyes, my God she was beautiful—her long wavy hair, her shoulders, her beautiful thick and full lips. She’d look good in his car—if he had one, he thought. Then she spoke to him, saying, “Your tooth looks good. I like that diamond—it looks expensive.”   It should, it was. It had cost him what he’d earned for two trips to Alberta in his pickup loaded with dope, the same as his Mercedes that was now sitting shaped like a cube in his garage. He said, “Yeah it cost a bit. But you got to look good, haven’t you.”    Alla smiled, pulling up her blanket to show off her legs which she wished she could move. This guy sitting there now, this wannabe gangster who couldn’t take his eyes off her and was about to come on to her. She said, her voice almost in a whisper, “It suits you, you are very handsome.” Archall Diamond heard her words and got a woody—even though he’d forgotten to take a pill like he’d wanted to. Then she said, “Maybe when I’m better, we can go out, like you said?”   Fuck me, Archall thought, his heart racing now. He wasn’t wrong, he’d felt it, felt the connection between them, knew it right from the start when he’d flirted with her and told her about this trick he could do with the cocoa pops. She wanted to see him do it, just as much as he wanted to show her how he could also catch two. Then before he could speak, he heard her say in the softest of whispers, her eyes looking to the floor, “Once I have my operation that is.”    Archall nodded. He got it, she was saying she was his once she was better. Then, looking back up at him, she said, “You’ll come back to get your wisdom teeth done won’t you, like you said?”   Maybe I’ll bash the dentist over the head and float the fucker now, Archall thought, be done with it and save the toothache. It was a full moon right now and there was a high tide going out every seven hours.   He said, “Yeah, don’t worry, I’ll do that. It’s important we see each other, right?”   And it was important, important at least to him. ****** Sebastian sat down on the large deck of his penthouse suite with a nice piece of cake and a cup of tea, reading the latest version of the movie Patrick had somehow convinced him to fund.    What on earth the man thought he was doing he didn’t know and chances are he hadn’t even read it himself, the whole thing being so absurd. A lesbian hippy finds a time machine and goes off into the future in search of an advanced sex change so good that she could father a child?     It could work, he thought—stranger things had happened. There was a long way to go still and if he was lucky, it would fizzle out as these things did sometimes. Patrick was good, though, he thought. Getting himself written in as the good guy for purposes of self-promotion so as he could hit the talk shows and everyone in Hollywood would know what he looked like. He was clever, he’d give him that.    Mazzi, though, was another issue, meeting this guy like he had—this clone. Coming into work late all black under the eyes, and his work suffering in the process.   He plopped the script down on the table and took a sip of his tea from a cup with the most delicate of handles from a set he’d found and picked up at a small market in Beijing.    He had an idea though for Adalia Seychan and it had only come to him after he’d taken his first bite of cake a few minutes prior. She was still gorgeous, after all; she still had that classic style that was almost gone and forgotten, as were so many antiquities these days. Not that she was old, because she wasn’t, not by any means. But she had classic style and that’s what he would use and tap into to sell business class seats on any airline who cared to listen and wanted to be stylish again. Just like in the old days when the world of travel was still a mystery, when propeller planes roared off into the sunset landing in a far-off land where the air was hot when the doors opened and you smelled the burned aviation fuel in your nostrils before the aromas of spice and flora floated in on the night air.    He’d send her around the world with Mazzi photographing her using sepia filters at sunset and dawn; traveling, as they once had with small umbrellas and white flowing gowns to keep out the heat, he would make her look glamourous and exotic. He would use her timeless beauty and capture her essence, and let the spirit of the far-off lands captivate her audience. The two of them would make it exotic to fly again—not like it had become these days in that bargain basement way; rather, it would be like how it was when journey was more luxurious than the trip itself, with incredible food served to you on fine china plates while you relaxed in chairs that were so soft you’d not want to get up. And Adalia Seychan would be the flagship lady, leading the way as she crossed mysterious lands in comfort and style.   He’d talk to her once Patrick had talked her into coming for some test shoots with Dan—have her looking and feeling sexy with a young man, he thought, pitch it to her then out of the blue in a way that she knew she couldn’t refuse should someone else get the gig and steal the thunder that could have been hers. Then he’d draw up a promo on spec and let the airlines and ad agencies come running. And they would, for what he’d offer would be ‘Timeless’.******Mazzi Hegan opened his second bottle of tequila of the night, stood on his coffee table, and, using the small little funnel he’d squeezed into the top, poured it all over his chest so as the guy that Einer had picked up at the bar—one inch taller than the classification of a midget and wearing leather chaps and a waist coat—could lick it off.    All three of them there in Mazzi’s penthouse suite making a mess and getting hard and happy popping the pills Einer had scored for free from the East Indian guy he met at the beach on the night of the fireworks.   There was no doubt about it, Mazzi was a wreck and loving every minute of it. He called out, “Spank that midget’s ass, spank his ass cowboy.” And whooped and hollered as he watched Einer do just that.    And that’s when the police came politely knocking at the door asking them to keep it down as it was ten in the evening and there were people who wanted to go to sleep. And Mazzi told them what he thought, standing up on the coffee table, “Well - tell - them - to - go - get - a - fucking - life!” And jumping down, he moved his hand across the front of his Bang and Olufsen stereo and turned the music up. At midnight, they called again, and then again at three a.m. Right in the middle of making love to Dan’s mother, Charles Chuck Chendrill got a call to meet Samuel Gadot, Sebastian’s lawyer, who was at the police station so he could bail Mazzi Hegan out. And when he got there, the first thing Gadot said to him was, “We need to tread carefully. Hegan’s told one of the cops who booked him to suck his cock.”   “Told him or asked him?” Chendrill replied. There was a difference.    “Good point,” Samuel Gadot said, as they saw Mazzi coming through the door, looking worse for wear in just a pair of skin tight trousers and no shoes. Chendrill asked, “What about the other guy? And the midget Sebastian was telling me about?”    Gadot said, “Only Mazzi was arrested.”    And he heard Mazzi Hegan say, “Yeah, I’m the only one there who was hot for a cop.”   They drove back in silence, rain on the windshield. Hegan in the back like a pop star who’s gone and embarrassed himself again. Chendrill thinking about how Sebastian had asked him ever so nicely if he could let Mazzi know his antics weren’t reflecting well on the firm. It was above his pay scale, he’d said— he wasn’t in human resources. And that’s when he heard what he thought was a quiver in Sebastian’s voice as he said, “But maybe he’ll listen to you Chuck, he’s not listening to me,” and he could tell Sebastian was really getting worried.    So he said, “Mazzi, you know this doesn’t look good on Sebastian or the firm.”    Without even looking up, Mazzi snapped back, “Yeah and I’m part of the ‘firm’ and you’re hired to drive, so fuck off.”    And that’s when Chendrill pulled up at the side of the road, got out of the car, opened the door, and, with his hands clasped firmly under Mazzi’s sweaty armpits, dragged him out onto the pavement and left him lying there.   Chendrill drove back through the city and wondered if this time the incident would cost him more than a trip to the department store to get a new plate. He looked around as he stopped at a light, wondering what Hegan had done with himself. Then he pulled away. If the guy was big enough to tell him to fuck off, he was big enough to deal with what came after, even if it was raining; and if it cost him the contract, so be it. At least he could look himself in the mirror. The guy was being an idiot, getting himself arrested, getting everyone out of bed, and then telling the guy who was taking him back home—to fall asleep long before Chendrill himself would—to fuck off. Yeah, he wasn’t wrong, not at all.    He carried on through the night feeling his ribs and wondering about the turbaned karate kid and why he’d thrown Diamond under the bus the way he had. It wasn’t a bad thing, but blackmailers would usually thrive on shit like that, then turn them in, making a buck first. The guy was gone, though—there was little doubt there, gone and out of his hair and all he’d cost him really was time, a new paint job for Hegan’s ride, and a bruised throat from a couple of round house kicks straight out of a kung fu movie.    He reached Dan’s place, let himself in through the back, and crept along the landing to Dan’s mother’s room. Dan’s light was still on at four in the morning—either he was asleep, watching smut, or inventing circuitry. Moments later, he was back in bed feeling the warmth of Trish’s back against his chest, feeling his moustache on her shoulder and the movement of her backside pushing up and against his crotch, asking him without words to take her.    He kissed her neck and held her stomach with his hands, feeling her move against him, making him grow below. She reached her hands down and grasped him, holding him for a moment before putting him inside herself. He lifted his hands, holding her shoulders, pushing her down onto him, her hair in his face as he kissed her neck. Pushing himself into her, thrusting into her, she moaned as he reached the top and felt her smoothness. Then she began to groan as he pushed harder, quickening with every thrust, then the banging came from below, getting louder with every groan—bang, bang, bang, bang—Chendrill feeling her, Trish feeling him, and feeling the sensation of his mouth as he began to bite down into her shoulder and push her harder onto him. She groaned as he pounded harder—bang, bang, bang, bang went the floor as Dan smacked his broomstick against the ceiling above his bed, trying to shut them up.    ******Rann Singh sat on his deck of his new ranch and stared out at the women in the garden bending down with their brushes made of twigs sweeping the lawn. The endless fields beyond that were now his family’s again stretched all the way to the forest at the foot of the mountains with their jagged peaks that cut a dark ragged line across a perfect sky.   The kids from the small village were there now playing barefoot as their parents had before with him—just as he remembered, throwing stones and chasing chickens. Joseph readily on hand with a tea or a Tusker, standing by not far away in his white top that could do with a wash. The breeze, fresh and clean, coming down from the jagged mountain through the forest and along the endless fields, blowing the long colorful skirts of the women from the village as they bent down to sweep the lawn with brushes made from twigs and fallen branches. Life was good.    He took a deep breath and looked around. The long endless unmoving fields that were now his, the forest beyond that stretched for miles reaching up to the jagged peaks etched in darkness across a perfect blue sky. He looked to them, watching them as the clouds skirted their peaks which ripped up into the heavens above. He closed his eyes taking it all in, waiting, relaxing, his feet up on the stool, head back, eyes opening to the mountains and their peaks, the forest below, the endless fields that were now proudly his, the wind playing with the colorful gowns of the women from the villages as they chatted, bending, looking to him with their small flirtatious smiles as they swept, their children still there and barefoot playing at the side of the village chasing chickens and throwing stones, Joseph waiting patiently for his next command.    Fuck he was bored, he thought as he looked back to the mountains for what seemed the hundredth time. Then he took another deep breath, spun his turban-less head around to Joseph and said, “You got any white women around here?”   “No Bwana. No white women.”   “None.”   Joseph shook his head and said again, “No Bwana.”   “Really?”   “Yes Bwana, the coast Bwana.”   “How far is that?”   “One day driving, Bwana. No good for you, the women there want us men, Bwana.”   “Us men, you mean black men?”   “Yes Bwana. Your penis is too small.”    Rann laughed, the cheeky bastard standing there on his deck telling him he had a small dick. He said, “You saying I got a small dick?”   “Yes Bwana.”   “How’d you know that?” Rann asked, still dumbfounded at the man.    Then seeing Joseph nod to the women on the lawn and hearing him say as he showed off his teeth, “The women, they say, your grandfather had a small penis, so you have a small penis also, Bwana. It is called heredity. I say this to you with knowledge as it is a fact of nature, Indian men are not big, Bwana. African men are big, Bwana, it is a fact. To say this is the truth.”   Ignoring this, Rann sat watching the women in the garden for a while longer. It didn’t matter to him how big anyone thought his dick was, he had plenty of satisfied customers. Besides, he had done what he had set out to do—he had his grandfather’s ranch back—the one he’d spent the last ten or so years wanting to return to and now he had. His grandfather, his grandmother, him and whoever else from the family wanted to come and live or stay could because he’d done it, the family ranch was theirs again and with an excited smile and tears welling up in his eyes, Rann pulled out his phone, looked at the time, did the math and, smiling, said to Joseph, “Well I’m calling Grandad now and when he gets here in a few days’ time, we can have this conversation again.”   Then feeling his heart beating hard in his chest and waiting patiently for him to answer, Rann listened to the sound of his grandfather’s phone ringing in the U.K. in his ear, and burst into tears as he heard his grandfather’s voice on the other end of the phone.    It had been a really long journey. He said, “Grandad, it’s Rann.”    And heard his grandfather’s voice rise as he heard him say back, “Rann? Is this you?”   “Yes Grandad, it’s me. How are you?”   “I am good, I am good. How are you? Where are you now?”   And then Rann took a deep breath and heard himself say the words he’d longed to say for so many years.   “Grandad, I am in Kenya, in Nyrie by the Aberdare Mountains, on the edge of the forest, at your ranch.”   “What—you are at the ranch?”    “Yes, I’m the owner now, I’ve bought it back for you. You can come home!”   There was silence for a moment and then he heard his grandfather say, “Rann, are you playing with me?”   Rann shook his head and stood, beginning to walk back and forth along the deck, feeling the wooden planks give as he moved, saying, “No, No I’m not joking. I’ve got it, I bought it this morning from Blou! He’s gone in his plane and it’s ours again, I’m with Joseph—you can come home!”    Then he waited and heard his grandfather say, “How much you pay Rann?”    Rann replied, “It doesn’t matter. All that matters is that you call the movers and I’ll book you and Grandmother two first class tickets one way to Nairobi, because Grandad, you’re coming home.”   And then his Grandfather said, “Rann, your Grandmother and I are old now and our lives are here in Hounslow, in England, Rann.”    Rann heard himself say, “But I’ve got it, I’ve your ranch back, Grandad. I’ve got it, it’s yours again.”    His grandfather said, “Our lives are here, Rann.”   “But I bought it for you.”   “You be happy there, Rann.”   “But I bought it for you,” Rann said again and heard his grandfather’s voice say, “You should have asked, Rann.”   “It’s all you ever talked about though—it’s all you ever said.”    Rann’s Grandfather saying now, “You should have asked Rann. You have always been this way, jumping the gun—it is a lesson one must learn. Thank you, call again. I have to go, I want to watch the TV.”   And with that he was gone, along with all of Rann’s dreams.  
