Chapter Thirty-SevenArchall Diamond stood in the bathroom of his monster home in Surrey and looked at his new front tooth in the mirror. Fuck it looked good, sparkling in the light like it was. Slapping a little coconut gel on, he fucked with his hair and, closing his mouth, he turned to the side, looking away, then spun his head back again, opening his mouth with a smile. Bam! He was back, Archall Diamond—Gangster.    Walking out, he looked at his large king size bed with Rasheed’s black sheets and the last of his money, some two hundred and fifty thousand odd dollars, all spread above the covers and a few hundred packets of hard-on pills he had yet to give away. Putting on his sunglasses, he lifted his gun, which he couldn’t shoot straight, and started taking selfies with his phone—him with his piece, his money on the bed, and his new front tooth. He was Gangsta, Gang-sta man, Archall Di a Mond—Gang, Gang, Gang -Staaa.    He walked back, sweeping stale cocoa pops onto the floor, and propped his phone up on his dresser mirror, getting a good shot of it all, then he hit the video button and leaning down into the lens showing off his new tooth and gun and stash of money and drugs, he started to rap:    “I is Archall Di Mond – Man wit his mind on – got what the people need on – ’cos I am Arch – All – Di - mon – Gotta big house - Ya – De Mecedes 4 by 4 in de garage - Ya – girls on me arm ya – got what I need – Ma – And I ain’t stopping yet - Na – going to the top – Sistaa – with me pills dat make you strong – Ya – But you get in me way – Bra – I saaaa gonna float – Yaaaa.”   Archall the gangster showing off, setting himself up for the world to see—with Rasheed’s money, giving away thousands of pills he could never source again, a girl leading him on for the price of removing his four back teeth and a scrap metal 4 x 4 cube for a ride. He picked up the phone and played back the video of himself looking and sounding like a prick with a new diamond studded front tooth and said out loud to himself, “You’s cool Bro.”   Then he dialed Steven, who picked up right away like he did, but this time saying, “The deal’s off Archall, forget the money you owe, it’s on me. That big fucker Chendrill’s been around here and I ain’t playing no more.”   Archall Diamond listen to what was being said and took it in, then saying, “But I just got my tooth done man—done a rap video an all, gonna put it on YouTube and I need a new ride man.”    Steven asked, “You try out that magnet trick you were thinking about?”    Archall nodded, “Yeah, it’s all cool, but it’s having trouble starting now, so I’m selling it.”    Steven explained why, “Yeah, I should have said those high-end vehicles are sensitive—you need to keep the computer systems away from magnets. That’ll be the problem. You’ll need it re-chipped.”   “Yeah.”   “Use one of those guys from the gym you had go with you to see Rann, they’re sharp, they can help you out from now on.”    Archall nodded. Yeah, he thought, they were sharp, couldn’t fight for toffee but one of them had a Rolex. He said, “Yeah you’re right, what was the name of the guy with the Rolex who got half his ear ripped off?”    “Rolex?”    “Yeah that’s him.”    Then he heard Steven say, “That Rolex is not real though. Anyway, I’m out of town man, maybe a year. You call Rolex right, he’s cool.”   But Steven wasn’t going anywhere. Nonetheless, though, Archall Diamond—Gangsta—was going to have to find new counsel as that was the last he ever heard from Steven.   Archall got in his truck and kept his shades on so no one would see him driving it and pulled out of the driveway, passing the terracotta lions and keeping an eye out for Chendrill as he went. The guy was out there now looking for him, hunting him down, but what could the fucker prove? Go find the birdman or someone who saw something—he had nothing to go on, he had nothing to worry about—he hoped.    “Forget about it,” he said to himself out loud and looked once in his mirror and then a second time in case it was the big ape on his tail. You can’t have a rap video out there on the internet if you ain’t got people out there trying to put you jail. It went with the territory, what kind of Gangsta would he be if all he had to worry about were parking tickets?   “Be cool Bro, be cool,” he said to himself, looking in the mirror at his tooth. He’d go see his girl, take his mind off things, tell her about a chiropractor he knew who he used to take Rasheed to see. He was good. He’d fix her up. Then he’d drive down to the martial arts gym and see Rolex watching other guys train. He’d make him a cash offer for some work, see if he’s interested. Then he’d go find the plastic Paki Rann and work out where he’s getting this stuff from so as he can remove him from the equation like he was going to. Then he’d check the tide times and get the truck ready so he could float the dentist before the guy had a chance to get hold of his back teeth with his pliers. ******      Patrick strolled down the sidewalk in the trendy district of Vancouver’s Yaletown as though he owned it. There were only a few things he had to do now—one was to read the script, another was to find the whereabouts of the beautiful Russian girl he used to be in love with, and the other was to somehow get all the photos of him off the back of every other bus running around before Adalia Seychan came back into town.   He stopped off in a coffee shop and bought enough for the whole office and then some, plus cakes, and walked into Slave Media like Santa Clause on a summer’s day. As Sebastian dug into an éclair, he asked, “What day did you have in mind to do a test with Adalia Seychan?”   Sebastian looked at him confused, telling him he thought he was driving the ship. Patrick opened up saying, “It’s the ads on the buses. I don’t want her seeing them.”   “We’ve all got pasts, Patrick,” Sebastian replied. Besides, he had his own problems with Mazzi Hegan at the moment—going off the rails with this new guy he’d been seeing, hoping it would fizzle out before he got into serious trouble.    “Tell them to pull them,” Patrick said.   “I have. They said it takes at least a month for them to clear.”    It was nonsense, Sebastian knew that much. They had a schedule which Patrick had already firmly paid into. Bottom line, it was overtime pay to call the crews in to strip them overnight while the buses and their drivers were sleeping. So he said simply, “You’re going to have to pay.”    “How much?” Sebastian knew, he’d done it before when a star who was fronting a project got caught with his trousers down with a prostitute and the agency wanted to pull the campaign they’d spent millions on. And, overnight, they had, right across North America. Patrick was just one city, and mainly in the downtown core; which would be enough, as he didn’t see Adalia Seychan popping out to the suburbs to see her aunt or go shopping. He said,   “A hundred grand tops.” Patrick let out a sigh. He’d just seen the bill on his platinum card for the private jets and now even the cakes and coffee were looking steep.    “A hundred grand?”    Sebastian nodded, for God’s sake the guy was rich, but sometimes a tight ass.    “That or you blindfold her on the way to and from the airport, then keep her in her room.”   It was an option, Patrick thought, make it a game. Then he said, “Why not take the mountain to Mohamed, you know—shoot the whole thing in Hollywood?”   Sebastian stared at him for a moment, then asked, “You read the script yet?”    Patrick lied saying, “It’s fantastic.”    Then Sebastian said in a quiet tone that let anyone listening know he was in charge, “This is our town Patrick. You go south, you’re the guest and when you’re the guest, they have the power. We shoot here or we don’t shoot anything.”     As Sebastian walked away, Patrick asked, “You don’t have an account with the transit company do you so we can get this sorted?”    And just before Sebastian’s door shut in Patrick’s face as he followed him along the corridor to Sebastian’s office, he heard Sebastian say, “Sort out your own problems, Patrick.”   The prick, Sebastian thought as he sat down, taking off the lid to his caramel mocha Patrick had just tried to butter him up with before hitting him up for a hundred grand less than a minute after. He picked up the phone and dialed Mazzi. There was still no answer.    He’ll be in tomorrow with his head up high, pretending nothing was wrong, then he’d speak to him, ask him how this new relationship was going. Patrick was still standing outside the door pretending to talk to one of the office staff who wanted advice on the housing market. Butting in, Sebastian called out saying, “And Patrick, I take it since you’ve had yourself written into this movie, you’ve also got someone else in mind to play alongside you?”    And as soon as the door opened, Sebastian saw the glint in Patrick’s eye as he said, “Yeah, I want it to be the most beautiful woman I have ever seen, only there’s one—no, sorry, two things that may be an issue. The first is that I don’t know where she is and the second is she may not be able to walk.”******Chendrill waited along the road to see if Archall Diamond was going to come back and after some minutes, decided the guy was long gone. Why he’d decided to ditch the Mercedes with the low profiles, though, he didn’t know. Maybe he was doing another dope run and wouldn’t be back till the weekend—it was hard to say.   He walked to the garage, picked the lock to the side door, went in and stared at one half of the crushed up cubed car that had been hacked to pieces by the grinder still plugged in sitting at its side.    It was the Merc, he thought, peeling off a piece of paint from the side of the hacked-up square.    Fuck me it was. But why on earth would he do that, he thought, unless the birdman was inside somehow? He pulled out his flashlight and took a closer look. It was possible. Maybe that’s what he was up to. He looked around, the inner tubes and chains still to one side, tools on the wall, other trucker stuff from when Archall was a hired gun trucking eighteen wheelers down to the states for his cousin. Till he’d lipped off to a cop early in the morning on the wrong side of the border and still had booze in him from sitting in a tittie bar and wasn’t allowed back.    That’s when he started hauling dope in his pickup until he had enough cash floating around to buy the Mercedes, not long after that, he took to driving Rasheed. There was a lot he’d found out about Diamond, but having talked to maybe a dozen people, the only common denominator Chendrill could find from them all was that the guy was thick.    But thick people still killed people—prisons were full of them and from what Chendrill could make out, Archall Diamond was soon to be in good company.   He moved to the door that connected the garage to the kitchen and gave it a try—open, good work Archall, nice security. He walked in though the kitchen, cocoa pops crunching under his feet, nothing to report. He went upstairs, looked in one bedroom, pictures on the wall of a pretty East Indian posing, leaning against a wall with her head tilted back. Then one of Archall showing off his tooth trying to look cool holding a rubber chicken.    He moved into the next room and saw the bed with its black sheets covered in money and maybe two hundred odd packets of pills. Chendrill picked a packet up and read the label that simply said, ‘Rock Solid’ saying out loud, “So, these are what all the fuss has been about.”   He slipped a pack in his pocket, then stared at the cash. He could do the same, take a couple of years off and see the world—him and Dan’s mother, pull her out of her nursing shoes for a bit and romance her. But thieving wasn’t his style—though if it was, he’d have done well. Pulling out a twenty from his pocket he dropped it down, adding it to the rest.    “There you go Diamond, go get your teeth fixed.”    And that’s exactly what Archall was trying to organise at that very same moment, standing in Dennis’ living room telling him his wisdom teeth were becoming troublesome. Dennis wondered what the fuck was going on, because the guy didn’t have any.    Archall saying, “Yeah I can’t concentrate when I got to do the math from the cash I bring in every night from my business.” Trying to sound cool.    Dennis wondered if he should scam the guy for a few grand and send him on his way, but instead told him the truth, “I don’t think the problem is with your wisdom teeth because, in fact, you don’t have any.”    Feeling stupid now but relieved the pliers could stay in the drawer, Archall instead said, “Yeah well I was really young when I had them out. You know, like when I was about six.” Dennis thinking the guy must be the only human to have teeth that grow in reverse, as at that age his babies were still planted firm, remembering the scar tissue at the back of his mouth and estimating that it could only have been sometime last year he’d had them removed.    He said, “Maybe there’s some other issue you need to deal with?”   There was, Archall thought; and in fact, it’s you. Alla wasn’t there for him to look at and give her the eye. As he made a mental note of the guy’s chest size so as he could get the right fitting inner tube to float him with, he said, “Yeah maybe I’ll see how it goes, if the wisdom teeth are out, I’ll see if they start getting better.”   Dennis said. “Your tooth is looking great.”    Archall grinned now loving it, saying, “Yeah, it already on YouTube.” ******Dan laid in his bed and stared at the ceiling where the plaster was beginning to come away due to his mother’s new love interest. It was beginning to drive him crazy; he was, after all, a sex symbol, but it seemed his mum was still getting more than he ever would—even if he was still getting texts every hour from the most beautiful women in the world. Fuck it, he thought, he’ll take the car out and pretend he’d just been going fast and had to slow down because of the cops.    That’ll do it, maybe this time he could get laid—maybe.    Putting his t-shirt on back to front, he walked to the front door, slipped on a pair of his mother’s flip-flops, which were too small for him, and walked to the new Ferrari that Sebastian had kindly leased—and governed—for him.    It was almost eight in the evening now. He could cruise for a bit, see if that worked, give some chicks the eye, take them for a spin in the car and get stuck in traffic for a bit whilst he tried to get it on.    He hit Hastings, looking to the open road ahead, passing posters of himself looking like a fool; then, he checked his rear-view mirror to see the line-up of traffic beginning to build behind him, as cars that may very well have been driven by old ladies passed him on the inside. Seeing some girls, he slowed, pushed in the clutch and gave the engine a rev, the engine roaring like a true sports car—but going nowhere.   Looking at him, the girls began to stare, then point, covering their mouths in astonishment and then screaming. My God, it was beginning to work, he thought, it was indeed more fun than the bus. He carried on, saw other girls, two this time, and threw the clutch down, roaring the engine, girls staring, girls doing nothing.    He moved on, seeing no one for a bit except for a few women who looked like hookers. Then he kept his head down through the rough part, ignoring the chants and the cat calls from the crack heads on Main and carried on into town.    He hit the downtown core, revving it up as he had with Melissa when the car had run fine and he could tear off up the road, oblivious to the fact that no one cared. But now he knew it, could see it firsthand. Pulling over, he sat there in the car and turned on the radio, the sound system fantastic, the smell of the new leather still stinging in his nostrils.    And then he saw her walking along the street in her lovely dress and her perfect shoes, the way she walked, swaying her arms in time with her little backside—and not for a second looking at him or the Ferrari—as though she didn’t have a care in the world.    Getting out, he followed her, keeping a good distance back as she switched back and forth along the roads around Yaletown, passing Slave, stopping, coming back, looking at signs, then spotting the bar, quiet and reserved in amongst so many that were not. She walked on in.    Seconds later, Dan was inside also, sitting alone on a leather chair at a table opposite the girl who’d just found her friend, hearing her giggling about how she’d just been walking up and down for half an hour, her friend covering her mouth and holding the girl’s arm as she laughed. Dan watched the Canadian football on the TV screen above them, pretending to care about what was going on.    Then he ordered a beer, the girls noticing him now as he showed his ID, both of them laughing at his mum’s flip-flops. Dan smiling, not giving a shit. Then the girls, really laughing, still holding onto each other’s arms the way young women do in an innocent way, burying their heads into the upright of the leather seat, covering their eyes and peeking out at Dan. Dan stared back grinning. Then the friend asked him, “You that guy who wears the silver pants?”   Dan was about to say, ‘yes,’ as the girl carried on saying, “We hate that guy.” And laughing as she pretended to make herself vomit.   Dan smiled, not knowing what to do now, then trying to instigate a relationship with a lie and denying who he was, laughed and said, “Yeah—same here, I get that a lot. Imagine being me, walking around town seeing that guy up there all day, having people pointing and shit.”   They laughed again, this time through embarrassment though. The girl he’d followed said sorry, then carried on, “You do look like him though, your nose is broken in the same way.”   Dan smiled, saying, “Yeah thanks—lucky me.”   They laughed again, really happy girly laughter, the type young girls can have until life slowly begins to beat it out of them. Looking to the one he’d stalked, Dan said, “Sorry.”    Then she leaned over and held out her hand and said, “You’re a really handsome guy though, even if you do look like Pantie Man.”   “Pantie Man!” Dan replied pointing to himself and staring at the girl’s legs. God she was nice, he thought, young and innocent, around his age and a million miles away from ‘Marshaa’ with all her glam and hair and entourage.    They carried on chatting as the night went on, Dan moving to their table, buying drinks and food with the small amount Sebastian allowed him from his newfound wealth, digging himself in deeper with the lies, telling them how he’d never eat McDonalds because it made him throw up. The girls unable to keep their eyes off him, staring at his feet, him at their tits.    They were from Victoria, on the Island, both studying history at Simon Fraser University in their first year, one with her own room on campus, the other in digs with friends. Dan was sharing his knowledge of Inuit tribal history on Baffin Island and on which Subway sandwiches give you heartburn, keeping quiet about the Ferrari parked outside and offering them a cab ride home when they said it was time to go.    They jumped in the cab, an East Indian in the driver’s seat, staring at the two brunettes in the back as they headed east, the girls still giggling, calling out ‘Pantie Man’ each time they passed a poster of Dan in his undies looking terrified. The driver joining in, trying to be part of the fun saying, “I hate him, I hate him.” Every time. The girl Dan had followed sitting next to him now with her head on his shoulder getting cozy.    They dropped off the other girl at her apartment, waved goodbye, and carried on up the hill towards campus. The night air was still and cool, wafting in from the front passenger side window. The girl silent, comfortable, breathing slowly, her finger unconsciously rubbing Dan’s knee, passing ‘Pantie Man’ and saying nothing now. Then after letting the driver know which block was hers, the cab pulled up outside and they sat there quietly, not wanting to move for a moment as she kept her head on Dan’s shoulder and said quietly, “I’ve never done this before, but I like you Dan and if—” she said, thinking out loud, weighing up the night and taking a breath. “If—you can remember my name, then you can come upstairs with me—okay?”   They sat in silence, the three of them, there in the cab, the driver with his turban in the front motionless now waiting, the girl with her head on Dan’s shoulder, Dan sitting there having heard her every word with his mind whipping back, recalling every bit of the conversation they’d had that evening and coming back a complete blank. One second passed, then two, then four, then six, and at ten she was off his shoulder, out the door, up a short flight of concrete steps, through another door, and gone. Then the cab driver spoke up, “You fucking idiot!”   Dan moved to the center of the cab’s rear bench as though that was going to bring her back as the cab driver looked at him in the rear-view mirror. He put the battery powered taxi in gear and pulled away, and said it again, “You fucking idiot!”   They turned a corner, Dan in silence watching the cab driver’s head shake from side to side as he glanced back at him in the darkness, saying, “She was beautiful—beautiful!”   Fuck, Dan thought as they drove back down the hill. Fuck! he thought, what the hell happened? He could read a book in fifteen minutes glancing at a page and recite it three years later, but he couldn’t remember one fucking name?    “You ask her her name?” the cabbie asked, staring at him now in the rear-view mirror as they pulled up at the bottom of the hill. He hadn’t, he thought, that was why—what an idiot he was. Then the taxi driver said to him, still mad as he shouted out and into his front screen as the orange campus lights bled through, lighting his off-white turban, “Always ask a girl her name—always ask a girl her name.”   Dan nodded his head, looking back at the cabbie as he pulled away from the lights. The guy looked familiar. He said, “Yeah I’m an idiot.”   Then he saw the field hockey stick propped up against the door in the front seat as he shifted positions in the back. No. It couldn’t be? he thought. The cab cruised along the main road heading back into town and the cabbie shouted at another forty-foot poster of Dan in Mazzi Hegan’s underpants as they went, “I hate that guy!”    He paused, and then said again, “I fucking hate that guy.”   It was him, Dan thought, the same cabbie he’d run from on the night he got busted at Mazzi Hegan’s pad. But that guy was older, much older, he thought, as he sank back more to the side of the cab, keeping out of the man’s line of sight. The guy trying to talk to him, adjusting his mirror as he went. Still saying, “That fucking guy, he run from me—he not pay. I kill him.”   Fuck, it was him, Dan thought. Jesus, he was having shitty luck. He hadn’t taken a cab since he’d run from this guy and the first one he steps into is his—and he was wearing his mum’s flip-flops.    They carried on along the empty dual carriage way, the man leaving him be for a moment, the engine off, the vehicle running on batteries. Then ahead Dan saw it, a green stoplight which was about to turn red, directly next to it at a bus stop a picture of Dan beautifully back lit with LEDs. Slowly the driver braked as the lights changed and the electric motor whirred to a stop.    The driver sat there staring at the poster six feet from his face, Dan sitting in the back, the driver adjusting his mirror, Dan scratching his forehead, the driver looking back at the poster, Dan’s picture in the poster looking back at him with his nose bleeding.    Suddenly, finally realizing just who he had in the back, the driver whipped his head around to see an empty seat and, through an open rear door, saw Dan running off across the road, jumping the central reservation in his mum’s flip-flops. Running as fast as they would take him, Dan headed along the road in the opposite direction, watching over his shoulder to see if the crazy hockey stick wielding cab driver had left his vehicle. Then he saw the cab moving, its reversing lights on and its yellow top shining brilliant under the street lights as it reversed up silently on battery power following him backwards, going the wrong way on the other side of the street—the cabbie alongside him and leaning out of his open window banging his field hockey stick on the door with only the concrete bollard there to stop him from cutting across and running him down. Dan looked up at the sky train tracks running above him and then to the station. The steps leading up to it were just some three hundred feet ahead, and a train in the distance was coming towards the station along the tracks held almost fifty feet in the air by monolithic concrete pillars.    He reached the steps, hearing the other motorists’ horns as they approached the out of control cab, forcing the crazed man to the side of the road. Dan raced up the steps and made it, hot and panting, to the platform just as the train pulled into the station and looked back to see the cabbie, in his turban, field hockey stick in hand, appear at the bottom of the steps and begin to climb, screaming, “Fuck you!—Fuck you!” as he did, stopping only once he reached the top and then speeding across the platform and jumping on the train—just making it as the doors shut.    Only Dan wasn’t on the train.  ******Dan watched from the alcove he’d snuck into as the train pulled out of sight, stepped out onto the platform, and took a deep breath. Fuck me, what a night. He knew from experience the next station was about a mile or so away and that Gandhi, realizing he’d been duped, would get off there and either be running back or on the next train. He had about five minutes.    He walked down the stairs and looked at the cab half on and half off the road with its lights still on. He walked across the road and looked in through the open driver’s window at the keys still in the ignition. He could steal it, he thought, drive it all the way back into town. But what was the point? It would only get worse; and in the end, Chendrill would get involved because somehow he’d find out and he’d get another black eye on top of the one he already had, and then on and on the trouble would go.    But his legs were aching and so were his feet. It was getting late and he was all sweaty now and couldn’t be bothered to play hide and seek. Anyway, he didn’t ask for the guy to suddenly go nuts on him, so he opened the door and got in, pushed the seat back, started the cab up, slapped it into drive, and pulled back onto the Lougheed Highway heading back into town, ignoring anyone trying to flag him down as he went until he’d reached the city. When the coast was clear, he parked the Punjabi field hockey playing warrior’s cab right under a ‘Pantie Boy’ poster just for good measure.   He moved along the street, his mum’s flip-flops flapping with every step, and reached his Ferrari, pulled a parking ticket off the windscreen, balled it up and threw it onto the ground, beep bop beeped the doors unlocked and was about to get in when he heard a woman’s voice from behind say, “You always do that with your tickets, do you?”     As a matter of fact, he did, but what did she care. He turned around, a woman there now in a tight dress and heels, sexy as hell with short blonde hair. She said, handing him back the ticket, “If I was a cop, I’d ticket you.”    Dan replied quickly, “Lucky you’re not then.”    She said, “You’re that ‘BlueBoy’ guy, aren’t you?”   “Yeah, but the girls are calling me ‘Pantie boy’ now.”   “Really?” the woman said, then carried on asking, “I hear you’ve got a penthouse?”    Dan replied, “Who from?”   “Magazines.”    Dan said back, “Really?”    He looked at her titties, big and firm, bursting out of her dress. Watching him look, she smiled and said, “You like them, do you? I saw you pull up here earlier in your car before you shot off after that girl. You should have waited a moment because I’ve been fantasizing about you for weeks and you could have been having a sexy time with me all evening instead.”    Fuck me, Dan thought, just like that. The woman offering herself up to him on a plate. Then she said, “Well, you’re not going to have made me wait around here all night for you for nothing, are you?”    And Dan said, “No.”   He took it easy as he cruised along through the downtown core, the woman telling him her name was Jane, Dan not forgetting to ask this time. Jane there with him now letting her skirt ride up so as he could see her stockings. She said, “Nice car. Why don’t you put your foot down and let it pull me back into the seat ?”   Dan, taking it easy, playing it cool, said, “That’s not me.”    She said, “I’ve got family staying—you taking me back to the penthouse?”    Still looking at her titties and getting hard at the same time, Dan said, “I live lower.”    Jane smiled, saying, “I like lower.”    Dan said, “Quite a lot lower actually.”    Jane told him with her hand on his leg she didn’t care how low or where he took her as long as he took her. Dan wished the car would go faster so he could get her home.    “My pussy’s so wet,” was all Jane said when he pulled the Ferrari up outside his mother’s place and turned off the engine—happy, for once, to see Chendrill’s Aston not parked in his spot.     Then wrapping her hand around the back of his head, she pulled him towards her, kissed him, opening her legs slightly as her lips left his, saying, “Feel me down there, feel what you’re doing to me.” And he did, twisting himself around and slowly slipping his left hand up her short skirt, feeling her stocking tops and the wetness beneath the silk of her knickers. Pulling him into her, she said, “You see.” Just before she kissed him again and gasped as she felt him slide his fingers inside her.    They got out, Dan telling her they need to be quiet as he walked up the path, Jane on her tip toes in her high heel slip-ons, Dan telling her he’s looking after his aunt’s cat for the week because she’s in hospital and staying in the basement because he can’t stand the crochet doilies. Jane crept down the stairs into his room, having him leave the side light on so she could see his body as he undressed, her dropping out of her dress, keeping her stockings on just for him and laying on his unmade bed, not caring about the mess.       Dan undressed, his dick almost popping itself out the front of his Y fronts, Jane laying back watching, wishing he had the silver ones on. She said, “I’m so horny, Dan. I want to suck your cock so bad, I want to suck it, lick it up and down your shaft, lick your balls, lick your ass. I want to lick it, stick my tongue right inside. Then I want you to fuck my throat, fuck it deep, then fuck my pussy—fuck it real hard, Dan, fuck my pussy till I come and fuck me deep in the ass too until I come again.”    And as he heard the filth pour from her mouth as she lay back waiting for him to come to her, Dan’s body began to shudder as the now familiar feeling of panic overwhelmed him and right there and then in his underpants, he came, as he had many times before.   Jane looked at him understanding right away what had just happened and, opening her legs to him, said, “I don’t care, come here lick my pussy while I lick all the come from around your crotch.”    And that’s what she did, leaning forward and pulling his Y fronts down, stuck his now spent semi-hard cock in her mouth, sucking it, wanking it with her hand and licking and pulling up as much of his come as she could from around his balls and wherever she could find it. Then when she could find no more, she pulled him onto the bed and kissed him hard, sticking her tongue into his mouth, licking all around his teeth and as far into the back of his throat as she could get as she grabbed his hand, forcing it between her legs, pushing his fingers inside her, making him fingerbang her as her pussy got more and more wet until she began to tense up, shudder, and groan as her juices began to run from inside, soaking the sides of her legs and gushing out onto Dan’s hands and legs. Then she said to Dan as she pulled her tongue from his mouth, “You like that do you, feeling me come like that? You want me to fuck your face, don’t you? You want me to squirt come like that on your face, don’t you?”    He didn’t, in fact he wanted her to leave.    Then before he could get a word in, she spun around, taking his still semi-hard cock in her mouth and licking it, swirling her tongue around and around its end with the softest of touches, making him groan with pleasure. Then suddenly in an instant, he felt himself getting hard again as she took him deep down into her throat, caressing the top of his penis with the back of her throat and sucking both of his balls into her mouth and licking them and playing with them with her tongue. Dan began to call out with pleasure. He’d never felt anything like it in his life—not even the vacuum cleaner or a jar of liver from the fridge heated in the microwave came close. He called out loud, “Ahh—Ahhh—Ahhh!”    As he felt himself coming uncontrollably again, he heard the strange banging from above. Then Jane took him out of her mouth and burying her face into his backside, licked his ass, crazily prodding and poking inside him as she pushed and forced her tongue inside him as he groaned more, her hand wanking his cock, still soaked with her slippery saliva.    Then she pulled her mouth out of his ass and spun around and kissed him again all over his face, licking and dribbling all around his eyes and nose and his mouth. Then she pulled back and said, “Now it’s my turn.”    And she pushed him back onto the bed and, back to front, straddled his face with his nostrils in direct line with her ass, she began to ride and fuck his face, twisting around to him so as she could look at him as she forced herself on him, leaning over, giving him instructions, saying, “Use your tongue, get it inside me.”   She rubbed her juices into his face, pushing herself onto him, calling out and groaning as she said, “Work it, yeah, work it, work it.” Dan felt the stubble from her shaved pussy digging into his skin like something his mother used to clean the bath with. She carried on pushing herself onto him harder, rubbing her clitoris on the bottom of his chin and her ass on his broken nose that now hurt as he felt her tense and build again, then she pushed harder, rubbing herself onto him with twice the force, her pussy juices running over his face as he tried to lift her off him but couldn’t. Then suddenly she lifted herself up and, ignoring the banging from above and screaming with pleasure, ejaculated her fluids, squirting them hard and fast all over his face, mouth, neck, and chest.       Then Dan heard his mother from upstairs calling through the ceiling saying, “Dan, Dan! What on earth are you doing down there?”   And getting up, Dan said, “Oh, shit it’s my mum.”   Then he heard her coming down the stairs and banging on his basement room door. The woman saying, “Your mum?”    Trish asked, “Daniel, who have you got in there?”    Then with a thump, Trish forced the door open, breaking the little lock Dan put in for when he was wanking, and the ugly fluorescent lights came on—harsh and bluey green coming down from the ceiling lighting the room up bright for the world to see. Trish looked straight to the woman seeing her hair all wet and her makeup smeared and said, “Who the fuck are you?”    Then she looked to Dan, his face rubbed raw and his bottom lip bleeding and screamed, “What have you just done to my child.”    Dan said, “It’s okay, this is Jane, she’s my girlfriend.”    His mother screamed back, “She’s older than me, Dan! I’m surprised there’s not a set of dentures sitting in a glass by the bed!”   And from the way Dan’s dick had been feeling a few minutes earlier, so was he. Then he saw his mother open the door wide and say to his new girlfriend Jane, “Get out of here you fucking hag, and stay away from my child!”   As Dan had always said so far throughout his short life, ‘my mother has a temper.’ And that was that.
