Chapter Thirty-EightThey’d all been sitting together around the boardroom table at Slave looking like a Neapolitan cake, Patrick wearing brown, Buffy in crème, and Mazzi in complete denial in pink—and it was making Sebastian hungry. There were three things to discuss—the script first, which was being sorted. Adalia Seychan was coming up today on short notice for a photo shoot the following morning with Dan to get people’s taste buds moistened—Mazzi was in charge—and while they had her here, Sebastian would pitch her about a six-week commercial that would take them all around the world after the movie was finished—or before, if it all fell through. And lastly Dan, who’d they’d just been told was about to be charged with stealing a taxi.   Chendrill was late, having been up all night, he’d said, doing God knows what, when he was supposed to be keeping his eye on their latest hot star—which in a way was the fourth topic, but rather than side bar it for later, Sebastian had decided to let it go. “After all,” he’d said, “we don’t own the man.”   Half an hour later, he was in, along with Dan, with his face all red and scratched and his lips swollen. Sebastian said, “Daniel darling, what on earth has happened? Have you been in another fight?”   In some ways, yes he had, Dan thought. Then answered, “No,” and, sitting down, he put his feet up on a chair as he liked to do there, and carried on, “’Cos you’ve made me a model, I had one of them facial scrubs, you know, trying to look young.”   Sebastian knew all about youth-enhancing cleansing scrubs, having had a few acid peel sessions himself; and for that matter, so had Mazzi—because God knows how many times over the years he had seen him come to work looking like Dan. He said, “You are young Daniel dear—don’t become obsessive.”    Then Dan said, “What do you want anyway? I was asleep.” As he proceeded to stare out the window.    Sebastian carried on, “Daniel, there’s a rumour spreading around that you’re about to be arrested for car theft.”   Dan looked over to Sebastian, then at Mazzi Hegan, and wondered how many times he’d stolen his car—and Chuck Chendrill’s—for that matter and said, “Yeah, what happened was that I’d been out on a date, took this girl home in a cab and on the way back, the cabbie had a nervous breakdown and said he couldn’t drive anymore. Said he’d been driving all day every day like they do, and he wanted to take the train back. So I did him a favor and parked it up for him in a safe place, just like he asked. You see, it was parked badly on the road and he didn’t want anyone to have an accident.”   Sebastian looked to Chendrill, who couldn’t believe he’d just heard what may have been the dumbest excuse ever come out of Dan’s mouth. Smiling, Chendrill said, “Sounds like Dan did the right thing! You know these cabbies work 24/7. It’s inevitable things like this happen.”   Sebastian stared at him for a moment thinking. There was more to this, obviously, than Chendrill was letting on—and there was, as Dan had been back in his basement making tender love to a woman twice his age and then some, Chendrill had been at the station putting out the fire Dan had started by stealing the cab. If it hadn’t been for a heads-up from Williams, it wouldn’t have been Dan’s mother who’d come crashing down into the basement, pounding on the door while he was having his face sat on.    Sebastian said, “Well that’s great then.” He stood up, looked to Patrick, and then turned to Chendrill and said, “Also, we’ve got a shoot in the morning at Iron Works Studio with Adalia Seychan. It’s all last minute and I’ve got people all over it—they’re driving her personal trailer as we speak. Dan’s involved and I need you to absolutely guarantee he’ll be there at seven a.m., Chuck. Adalia’s a sweetie, but she’s still got Hollywood written all over her, so we don’t need to be embarrassed by you being late Dan, do we? Oh, and Patrick needs you to put your missing persons hat on and find an old sweetheart, because he’d like to get a few shots of her while we’re there if she’s interested. I know it’s all a bit rushed, but Adalia’s a busy girl.”   Busy doing nothing, Chendrill thought and he had absolutely no doubts who he was about to be asked to find.******They sat in the boardroom after everyone else had gone, Dan looking out the window, Patrick at the table with Chendrill, who was leaning in and talking quietly to him, “Let it go, Patrick. The girl can’t walk. She’s in a fucking wheelchair and the marriage is struggling as it is. They don’t need you poking your nose about.”   Patrick said, “I’m just trying to get Alla working, you know, back on her feet.” He looked over and caught a grin spreading across Dan’s face at the last comment. Calling out, he said to him with a smile, “Hey Pantie Boy—could you go get us both a coffee?.”   Fuck, Dan thought, that’s twice in two days now he’d been called that—the girls weren’t kidding. He got up and turned to head for the door so as back-of-the-bus-lover-boy could spout bullshit in private, remembering the photos he’d found hidden in the trunk of Chendrill’s Ferrari just after he’d stolen it. As he passed, he said, “Don’t forget to remind her to bring the toys.”    Feeling Patrick’s eyes digging into his back as he closed the soundproof glass door behind him, Dan left. Patrick wondered how on earth the kid knew about the pictures. He said to Chendrill in a soft tone, “Fucking prick, here I am trying to make him a movie star and all I get is grief.”   Chendrill also wondered how Dan knew about the photos; looking at Patrick and thinking the same thing, he said, “I thought you’d had enough of that girl, with all that blackmail shit that went down?”   Patrick feigned frustration, and answered clearly and precisely, holding his hands out, so that right away Chendrill knew before he spoke that it was all going to be bullshit, “Look—Trust me—there was something with me and Anna before, we both know that. But—I can assure you my actions right now are nothing more than professional.”   Chendrill stared at him for a moment, giving him the look, then said, “If there’s one thing we both know, this world’s not short of beautiful actresses who need a job.”    And Patrick said, “No one’s as beautiful as Anna, Chuck, and we know each other well and trust each other. And that’s what you need—trust and loyalty.”    Chendrill said, “The girl used to be a hooker and you don’t even know her real name. It’s Alla, not fucking Anna.”    Patrick came straight back at him with, “We all wear different hats and have different names Chuck. Look at you, you’ve got three.”   Chendrill shrugged and leaned back in his chair—the realtor pretending to be a producer wasn’t wrong. Look at me, he thought, I’m a cop trying to be a private eye, pretending to be a babysitter. He said, without lying, “I’ll go see how she is.” And he would see how she was, but not see if she wanted to be a movie star so he could fuck up Dennis’s life before he’d got a chance to straighten himself out. After all, he owed them a visit.******Chendrill had stood and discreetly looked down at his crotch to see if he was bulging at all. He wasn’t. He’d worn the tightest underpants he could find, the loosest trousers, and his bright red Hawaiian. He’d gone home; or, he should say, he went back to Dan’s mother’s house just as Dan had left the previous evening in search of adventure, and had thought, great we have the evening to ourselves. And that’s exactly what Dan’s mother had thought the moment she saw him parking exactly where Dan’s new Ferrari had just sat for the last week.    She’d kissed him the moment he’d entered the door, a kiss born of growing love and tenderness—her lips on his, her fingers gently combing his hair, one foot unconsciously off the floor. She said lightly as she pulled back away from him, “Sorry my son’s gone out for the evening, but you can come in and wait if you’d like?”   And Chendrill had waited, waited naked in her bed, while they kissed each other, touched each other and made love all evening, slow beautiful love with him on top of her, gently pushing himself into her, feeling the sweat run from his brow, her hands on his back, her wetness inside until they’d finished and he’d rolled off and they’d laid together on the bed listening to the silence. Then he’d remembered Archall Diamond’s tablets and how Steven the pharmacist had said they were nothing more than herbs and had said, “I picked up these pills today that have been floating about and I’ve been wondering what all the fuss was about.”   “Pills for what?”    “Make you’re dick hard and bigger.”   Trish leaned over, putting her hand up to prop up her head and said, “And you want to try them out?”    Grinning, Chendrill said, “I already have.”   Trish stared at him, not believing his words for a moment, then slipped her hand down under the sheets and felt him, clasping her hand around his dick, feeling it still hard against his stomach when normally things would have eased off. She said, her eyes lighting up, “Oh my God, I thought you felt a bit bigger.”    Chendrill replied, “Yeah, and I feel incredibly happy.”    It was just after midnight after an entire evening had passed without hearing Dan whack the broom into his bedroom ceiling when Chendrill’s phone had rung and he’d learned about Dan’s latest move. Despite it all, he was strangely still happy—and hard—and he’d made his excuses and again barely missed Dan coming home with the older woman.    Half an hour later, he’d met Williams, who was standing next to the two other police cars. A tall Asian police woman was dealing with a very irate taxi driver standing and looking up at the poster of Dan, shouting, “Fucking man steal my car!”    Within an hour, they were all at the police station looking at all the footage wired over from the transit police from the CCTV cameras strategically placed around the station Dan had been chased into. They saw Dan running scared along the road being chased by the wild man driving in reverse on the other side of the concrete buffers, waving his field hockey stick in a threatening manner at him out the window. Chendrill looked at the police woman who was tall and skinny enough to be a model and wondered what Dan had said to the guy in the first place to make him that mad. He said to the police woman, “Looks like he had little other choice than to use the taxi as a means to get away from this lunatic. He did the right thing in the circumstances, taking himself away from the situation and to safety by any means possible.”    She looked at him, frowned and said, “Took himself all the way downtown and parked under a picture of himself instead of driving to the police station or even perhaps calling them on his cell phone?”   They were both right and she knew it, even if Chendrill was stretching things a bit. The police woman, who liked riding shotgun on the night shifts because more things went down, was also wondering what the guy had said to piss off the cabbie that bad. Loving the fact she’d got the chance, at last, to meet the legend that was Charles Chuck Chendrill she said, “People are saying it was you who’d worked out who killed Daltrey, you know that don’t you?”   Chendrill smiled. He liked her and could see she was not a by-the-book type of person and used her brain. Normally he would have skirted around it, but he answered truthfully, and nodded to the screen, ‘You’re not wrong and the truth is I’m lucky to be here.”    The police woman answered him and pushed the envelope a little further, “And you know what happened to the Russian?” Chendrill smiled. He did, then giving her a look and pointing again to the computer monitor, the picture of the cabbie there half out the window with his field hockey stick, he said, “Yeah and he had nothing to do with it.”******The sun was just breaking, filling the city with fresh new light as Chendrill drove back towards Dan’s. The crazed cabbie had been told off and sent home with his tail between his legs. Chendrill had the police woman’s number in his back pocket—though he knew he’d never call. The woman saying before he’d left, “All’s good with Dan, as long as it’s the first and last time it happens.” Then she’d given him the slightest of looks that sent instantaneous blood flowing south to a place where, due to the pills, there was already plenty of activity, and handed him her card. “But if there’s anything else you might like to talk to me about, then you’ll find me here.”   But he wouldn’t call—even if she was super fine, he thought as he drove, heading into the rising morning sun. He wouldn’t call, no he wouldn’t, no not at all, he wouldn’t—no, no, he wasn’t going to call.   He reached Dan’s home, parked up behind the Ferrari, and opened the front door; and although he had done nothing wrong, he felt a small wave of guilt wash over him as he saw Trish standing in the hallway in her dressing gown with her eyes all red from crying. He asked, “What’s wrong?”    She came to him and held him tight, saying, “This monster had hold of Dan in his room and I burst in and stopped her.”   “What?”   “This woman came back with Dan and attacked him and I threw her out.”   Chendrill asked, “Where’s Dan?”   “He’s asleep, he just came upstairs, drank a pint of milk and ate all the cheese, then went to sleep. He didn’t even take a shower.”   But Chendrill did. And as he stood there tired and naked with the water running down his body, he wondered what on earth Dan had gotten into this time to upset his mother so badly. He got out and stood naked in the bathroom with a towel against his chest and looked in the mirror, his dick still like a drooping rocket halfway from lift off. Reaching down, he picked up his jeans and pulled the Asian police woman’s card from his pocket, looked at it once and then ripped it to shreds, throwing it into the toilet and flushing it out of harm’s way. Then, with his dick still at half mast, he walked naked into Trish’s bedroom, got in next to her, and fell asleep holding her in his arms.    Two hours later, the phone rang, and he answered to an irate Sebastian saying, “Chuck there’s an emergency—Dan’s stolen a car.” Chendrill’s first thought was what’s new there? Then he wondered how the hell Sebastian had heard about it, as he believed he’d already put the incident to bed.     He said, “How did you find out about that?”     Sebastian said, “It’s on the news, Chuck.”   And then they came in, Chendrill driving the Aston back downtown, Dan sitting there still in his mum’s flip-flops and a creased shirt, not speaking with Chendrill saying, “Your mum was crying, told me you’d been attacked.    He had, he thought, but kind of in a good way, except for the fact his face was sore as hell. But what the woman had done with her mouth, he wouldn’t mind that again, even if his balls did hurt. He was right, he thought, about what he’d thought earlier—no doubt about it—it was better than the jar of liver or that pound of Brie his mum won in the raffle at work that time. Dan said, “Yeah.”    Chendrill waited for more, but it did not come. So, he said, “And?”    “And what?”    “And is there anything else you want to tell me.”   “About what?”    “About the fact your mother was crying?”    “What, are you my fucking dad now?”    Chendrill waited, wondering if this was what being a father to a teenage boy was like, then said, throwing it out there, “I think your mother, maybe, would like me to be.”    Dan said, “That was quick—she was with the baker longer.”   Chendrill took the hit from the kid, who was worried about his mother, then said, “Thanks, next time you steal a car, you better know this—I won’t claw you out of every bucket of shit you get yourself into, even if I’m with your mum or if that’s what Sebastian’s paying me to do.”   Dan looked at him, thinking, shit. Then he said, “I never stole nothing.”   Chendrill slowed the Aston to a stop, pulling up along Hastings next to a second-hand car dealership that Chendrill knew had a history of being no better than Dan and said, “Why was that guy chasing you with the field hockey stick?”    “Because he didn’t like me,” Dan said.    Chendrill closed his eyes and took a deep breath thinking, well thanks for clearing that up. Then he said, “Maybe you’d like to elaborate?”     Dan stayed quiet, looking at the cars, wondering if they were any good. Knowing Chendrill was not going anywhere till he started talking, he said, “The guy doesn’t like me ’cos he drives around all day and night round town seeing me naked, it rubs him up the wrong way, it’s a religious thing.”   Chendrill got it—sometimes over the last week, he’d been feeling the same way. It was nonsense though. He said, “Maybe this is the same guy you spoke of earlier, and the reason he’s been looking for you is that in the past you’d run on him and he recognized you, how about that?”   Dan said, “How’d you know that?”    Chendrill replied, “Because I was also young once—and you just told me.”