Chapter FortyDan stepped inside Iron Works and wondered where the big green field was that he’d stood against before on the day Mazzi Hegan had starved him and nailed his feet to the floor, the day he’d met Marsha and punched out Philipe Tu La Monde for getting too familiar. Then he saw Mazzi Hegan standing on the other side of the open space around a movie type set talking with another guy who looked just like him.    Dan walked over as Mazzi saw him and, all flustered, said, “Oh my God, you’re here. Sebastian’s been going crazy since six!”    “Why? He said be here by seven and I was,” Dan said as he watched Mazzi run his fingers through his hair and then the guy who looked just like him do exactly the same.    Mazzi said, “It’s how he is, Dan. He gets all worked up on something and can’t let it go.” Then he said, “This is my friend Einer. He’s over from Germany.” And Einer said, sounding English, “Hey, glad to meet you, I thought you’d be bigger?”    Fuck you, Dan thought, then said, “Yeah and from over there I thought you were a girl.”    Mazzi said, “Speaking of that, we need to get you sorted.”   Then Dan saw her coming through the door with five people hanging all around her as she walked, eating a breakfast wrap and heading towards her personal Airstream trailer covered in chrome and positioned inside. Dan asked, “Who’s that?”    And Einer replied, “It’s Adalia Seychan. She’s going to eat you for breakfast.”   Looking for food, Dan walked about a bit hearing his mum’s flip-flops slap against the bottom of his feet as he wandered around on the concrete floor. He found a tray of pastries, in the craft service truck, took two, stuffed them down his throat and then another one before he felt the soft touch of Buffy holding his elbow. She said, “Dan, you’re not supposed to eat.”    Dan said, “I’m doing a photoshoot, not going for an operation.”    “Mazzi says, we need to keep your stomach flat.”   For fuck’s sake, Dan thought. He said, “I just saw Adalia Seychan and she was eating.”    Buffy said, “She’s not taking her top off, Dan.”    Dan said, “Well leave mine on as well then.”    “That’s not why you’re here.” Then she said quietly, holding his arm again as though she was doing him a favor, “Dan, get the shoot done then eat as much as you want, okay.”   Thanks for fuck all, Dan thought, and wondered if the big girl had a boyfriend. Throwing her, he said, “I need to increase my body mass index—it’s against the law to starve models these days.”    Which was only half true, and was something he’d glimpsed from a newspaper Chendrill had left in the kitchen and the article was referring to a law recently passed in France, not Canada. And all Buffy said was, “Go call your lawyer.”   They took him to makeup, where they washed his hair in a basin and faffed with him for twenty minutes until, in his eyes, he looked no different to how he’d looked when he’d went in. Then they escorted him to wardrobe where a guy who Mazzi used to know put him in a pair of tight shorts and said, “You look fabulous!” And giving him a bathrobe, aimed him out the door.    He spotted Sebastian sitting on a chair by the monitors and wondered what TV show the man could be watching at 7:30 a.m. in the morning and walked over to see the screen was blank. Sebastian looked at him and asked, “Did you get the shorts?”    He did, and they were too tight. Dan said, “Yeah but I can’t feel my feet.”    Sebastian smiled, that was perfect, he thought. If it all went well, he was going to use the footage for another pitch and had flown in a corporate representative of Mammoth Clothing to give them a taster of Dan in their shorts and hopefully of things to come. All things being equal, he was on for laying the foundations down for two campaigns that would cover the costs of Patrick’s new ever-changing venture. He said, “I don’t think it’s a good thing you’re talking with Mazzi’s new friend.”   Dan said, “Too late, I’ve already told him he looks like a girl.”    Sebastian replied, “I know, Mazzi’s upset.”    Dan said, “Well Mazzi can fuck off, and tell him to tell his friend not to wear pink.”    Then Sebastian asked, “Has Gill Banton been in touch?”   Dan stared at him. Then said, “Yeah, she said if I come work for her, she’d never have me in before eleven.”    Sebastian replied, saying, “I doubt that darling.” The woman was starting to concern him now, as the rumours were beginning to fly that she was so pissed off about losing out on Dan and about Marsha being poached that she was going to open offices along the road from Sebastian and flood it with talent. He asked again, “She’s been in touch—yes or no?”     Dan thought about it, smiling at the memory of the last time he’d seen her and said, “No.”    Sebastian said, “If she contacts you, you let me know okay?” Dan nodded, knowing that the last thing he was going to do was go running to phone Slave if anyone called him—and it wasn’t because he would be looking for a better offer to advance his career. It was simply because he wouldn’t be assed.    Then Sebastian said, “Have you read the script I sent? It’s really short, but I thought it would be good to see if there’s any chemistry between you and Adalia.”    Dan thought about the chemistry between him and the woman he had in his bedroom a couple of nights back. He also hadn’t read anything. He said, “No.”    “What do you mean—No? You’re saying you haven’t read it?” Sebastian scoffed.    Dan stared at him a moment confused and then said, “What do you think I meant?”    “You’re supposed to read it.”   “Well I haven’t.” Sebastian stared at him in complete amazement. Dan said to him, “What you looking at me like that for? You’re the one wanting me here. I didn’t come banging on your door on the way home from acting school wanting to be a star.”   Sebastian thought about it and frowned. The kid was right, they were leaning on him as though he was one of these driven go-getting cool boys that bludgeoned Slave’s offices with their portfolio’s full of pictures taken by parasite photographers who didn’t have what it takes to get a real job and preyed on the hopeful. Dan didn’t want to be there—and that’s exactly why he was there. It was also why Mazzi had cancelled the trailer which had been ordered for him to relax in so he could stand all day and get pissed off and frustrated in his shorts that were too tight—it was the look he was after. Pulling some sides from his briefcase, Sebastian said, “Well, read it for me now, please?”    Dan took them, skimming in a matter of seconds the three little pages pulled from Megan’s script that amounted to a scene and handed them back, and said, “You changed it a bit?”    Sebastian had, but God knows how Dan could have known as he hardly looked at it; yes, he’d tinkered so to speak. It was a hobby he had that had started back in university in London when he and Alan had put on shows in the art house pub theatres over in trendy Camden town. Although the only thing he’d done in this one was have Dan in less clothing. He said, “Are you going to read it or not?”    Dan stared at him confused, “I did! You just saw me?”******Two hours later, Dan was still wandering around in his bathrobe looking for food and only being given water. Why the fuck he’d been gotten up so early and had to suffer Chendrill getting pissy at him, he didn’t know. Finding an apple box, he sat down and stared across the building’s vast interior at Adalia Seychan’s personal Airstream trailer with its blacked-out windows and thought about the woman inside, probably sleeping on a huge bed with silk pillows and one of those night masks on her eyes. He looked around at some people doing stuff, but almost everyone else was just chatting and eating. Then Einer with his hair bleached blonde pulled up an apple box next to him and sat down. He said, “Had enough yet?”    You’re kidding, Dan thought, and said, “What the fuck’s going on.”    As he looked at Hegan, futzing around a light with a guy in shorts. Einer saying, “It takes time to get it looking good.”    Dan looked at the man, a little younger than Mazzi Hegan, with the same haircut, but rougher around the edges. He said, “All looks the same to me, I’ve been watching him switch things around—here there, up down.” Mimicking Hegan in his best camp Mazzi Hegan voice, “Little something there, little something here.”    Einer looked to the kid sitting there in his bathrobe and his mum’s flip-flops. He wanted to give him a quick lesson in photography, but what was the point? In his eyes, the kid was probably as dumb as a plank but just looked good on film with his tight body and busted up face. He looked to Adalia Seychan’s trailer and said, “I bet you’d like to be in there sorting her out? I know I would.”   Dan looked to him confused, this Einer in a pink shirt who was ‘friends’ with Mazzi but had the hots for the Oscar-winning superstar? Einer said, without taking his eyes off the trailer,  “Oh yeah, I could throw that bitch around the room.”    And Dan said, “I thought you were a faggot.”    Surprised, Einer looked at him, staring for a moment.   “Why’d you think that?”   Fucking hell, Dan thought, try the pink shirt for one and the tight trousers and the hair like Hegan’s. He said, “Just did—maybe ’cos you’re hanging with Mazzi Hegan staying over at his place.” And he’s got that painting on the ceiling of his bedroom of a guy sucking another guy’s dick.   Einer nodding now, getting it, saying, “Yeah—well, you only see that if you lay down. Mazzi showed it to me, but no I’m not into guys. We’re friends, he likes to party yeah, but no, I eat fish.”    Dan looked at him and smiled and after the woman the other night giving him a face scrub, he understood exactly what he was saying. He said, “Oh?”    Einer nodding, looking at Dan then to the trailer, saying, “You ever been with an older woman?”   And as a matter of fact, he had—kind of. ******They sat for an hour talking about women, Dan realizing the man was as far as he could tell a straight guy who hung with gay guys. It was the way he liked it, he said, “Gay guys have girlfriends—and I prey on them. Let them think I’m safe then next thing you know, they’re digging me because I’m not.”    Dan saying, “Why don’t you just go to the bar and be normal?” Einer didn’t have an answer.   Then Einer looked to the Airstream trailer again and after a moment said, “You know she wants you, don’t you?”    “Who?” Dan asked.    “This chick, this superstar up from Hollywood for a test.” Einer saying ‘test’ like it was the stupidest thing he’d ever heard. He carried on, “I’d say she’s been looking at those posters of you Slave’s put out there and when the chance came to be in the same building with you, then she jumped on it.”    Dan said, “She walked right past me this morning and didn’t even know I existed.”   “Did Marshaa acknowledge you straight away?” Dan thought about it, remembering how she looked at him, the first time she’d ever laid eyes on him as she’d walked up on that stupid green stage, licked the sweat from his chest, and asked him to fuck her.    He said, “Yeah she did.”    Einer said, “Yeah and look, you had the most beautiful woman in the world who could work anywhere and with anyone come here to work with you just because Sebastian showed her the photos they had of you in the elevator. You think this horny bitch in her trailer’s not seen those posters out there? Got herself all wet and gooey downstairs and wondered what it would be like to feel you all over and have you slip it to her. She’s not married, you know. She divorced her third husband last month; she’s hot and primed and here for you.”    Dan said, “Yeah, I had some woman come onto me the other night, said a similar thing. Except she kind off roughed me over and then my mum kicked her out.”   Einer started to laugh and it was genuine, this ‘straight’ guy in a gay guy’s clothes having fun. He said, “What, you’re mum kicked her out?”   Dan said, “Yeah, she got me going just by saying dirty stuff, then I came in my pants and so she sat on my face and that’s when my mum came in.”   Einer nodded, still laughing quietly as he looked around, wondering and hoping no one else had heard Dan as the tears began to run down his cheeks. He said, “You got to take control Dan. It’s got to be you that says, ‘sit on my face, or, get on down there and start sucking’.”    Dan said, “Yeah she did that an all.”    Einer then stood and said, “You’re a good kid Dan, I can see why they’ve got you here, you’re honest.” Then he said as he pulled a packet of Archall Diamond’s pills he’d picked up for free on the beach from his pocket, “Take a couple of these now; then if she comes onto you, you won’t have to worry about any unexpected accidents in your shorts, because regardless of what happens down there, these’ll keep you as hard as a rock.”******   Sebastian wasn’t happy. This man who’d been hanging out with Mazzi and disrupting him had been talking to Daniel for over an hour, chumming up with him, laughing and looking at Adalia’s Seychan’s trailer. Knowing that Dan hadn’t read the script yet, Sebastian was thinking the worst.    Patrick arrived late, as producers often do, carrying on as though the shoot day was the last thing on their list. The guy coming in and taking over the studio with his grandiose hand gestures and laughter, sitting around the monitors, asking where Sebastian’s dog Fluffy was and wondering why Mazzi was taking so long to get things up and running. It was his new friend, Sebastian had wanted to say, keeping him up all night clubbing—and he knew what time they’d been getting home. Belinda’s driver, who worked the night shift, had been keeping him up to speed on that front, telling him where they’d been and the types of people they’d been with and how, strangely, there had been girls involved, which wasn’t usually Mazzi’s thing.    Then the corporate guy from Mammoth Clothing arrived. Sebastian smiled at him, playing the game, and wondered if he should introduce him to Dan, whom he’d been watching as he wandered around adjusting the bathrobe while he tried to scam food before going to the toilet every fifteen minutes. He said to the corporate guy, “I think you’re going to like this a lot,” putting the seed in the man’s head before he had a chance to make up his own mind himself, “We’re following on from the ‘BlueBoy’ campaign—maybe just going to have Daniel in only his shorts or shorts and a shirt, just that, keep it open. I’m glad you were able to make it up here—you know BlueBoy sales have tripled since the campaign started." The corporate guy looked around, being polite and keeping quiet, looking at the kid in the white bathrobe wandering about adjusting his crotch and wondering when he was going to meet Adalia Seychan so as he could call his wife and tell her.    Eventually they were ready, Sebastian giving Mazzi a look that told him he’d been taking too long, then telling him the set looked amazing, “Amazing absolutely amazing, Mazzi.” Playing the game, when deep down he knew it was flat and the man’s work was usually a lot better.    They all met at the monitor, Adalia in a beautiful silk wedding dress, Dan in his bathrobe, Sebastian hugging Adalia, telling her how beautiful she was looking and her taking it all on board, Patrick taking over before the corporate guy had a chance to chat, Adalia looking to Dan with his broken nose and eyes that were just healing now from being thumped out by Chendrill. She said to him with a smile, “Hello young man.”    Dan nodded, “Hi,” and hoped no one could see the erection in his pants through the robe, wondering what the hell the straight guy who pretended to be gay had just given him and why Sebastian was still fussing because he hadn’t learned his lines.    They cleared out the workers and the important people walked to the set Mazzi had just lit, ready for the shoot, with its aisle and columns and the altar at the top—backlit through a fake stain glass window. Dan, wondering who the priest was; Adalia, taking over when Mazzi was supposed to be directing, said, “Let’s get going then. Dan, I’ll be here at the altar and you come rushing in and grab me from behind.” And after they’d gone through the motions enough, they got down to it for a first take as they stood and sat around the monitors and watched Dan come in, crashing through the door of the set in his shorts and running down the aisle, grabbing Adalia, who was, surprisingly, crying on cue. Then he held her by the arms and twisted her around to face him, telling her with the maturity and depth of a grown man, “I wasn’t ever not going to not be here, I’ll never not be here. Never, ever not.”    Then he grabbed her, holding her just as it had been described in the small cheesy script he’d glanced at and cast aside, and then let her go as he heard Adalia say through the tears in her eyes, “Henry?”    Then he kissed her again, holding her to him, Adalia holding him back, feeling his bare skin tight beneath her hands and his dick rock solid beneath his shorts against her leg.     She held him there and looked him in the eye and then glanced down as she pulled away, looking at his penis squashed to the side underneath the tight fabric of his Mammoth shorts as though it was indicating that he was about to turn right.     Adalia stared into his eyes and still in character said, “You got to be kidding me, right?”    That’s not in the script, Dan thought, but went with it, skipping the next line and improvising, remembering a slushy movie his mother had made him watch as a kid and repeating the lines and the man’s actions verbatim, holding her by the wrists, making her look him in the eye as he spoke, “No, I’m here because I love you and can’t ever stop loving you.”   Adalia, holding his stare, looking into his eyes as she tried not to look at his crotch, not knowing what to do as he carried on, “You are mine, no one else’s, I’ll never let you go.” Then remembering another line he’d heard as he looked up to the television one day when he was six as he’d sat on the floor playing with his toys—his mother home after finishing a night shift at the hospital, sleeping on the sofa, not getting to the end of the movie she’d been looking forward to seeing, as the guy on the screen held the woman, looking into her eyes just as Dan was holding Adalia and repeating what he’d seen and heard as a young boy with exactly the same passion.    “You marry this man, I’ll disappear and never come back, you’ll never know I existed. But if you don’t and marry me, I’ll give up everything, everything I’ve ever had and worked for and in doing so it’ll mean I have everything—because I’ll have you.”      This kid there before her with his broken nose talking to her in character, her, thirty years his senior, him, a boy on the outside, but inside a man.    Still feeling his erection pressed against her leg, Adalia gave in to temptation and looked to Dan’s dick and then to Sebastian and said, “I can’t work like this.”    And stormed off towards her trailer with her wedding dress tail dragging behind her. Dan watched her leave, then, looking to Sebastian, said, “Can I go home now?”    As far as Mazzi Hegan was concerned, he could, because he and Einer had had their cameras out and you were never going to get anything better than what they’d just shot.    An older woman in a wedding dress almost at the altar and a handsome young man holding her back as she struggled, trying not to look at the erection in his tight shorts as he fought to make her hear his words, trying to make her listen, as she turned away unable to look any longer, then storming off without looking back in a beautiful silk gown, leaving him there at the altar naked in a pair off Mammoth shorts. Perfect.    With a little help from his friend, this time Mazzi had struck again—and what he had was golden.    An hour later, Sebastian wasn’t sure what to do. He had Adalia in her trailer, refusing to talk, Mazzi happy as pie, Patrick oblivious to it all, and the corporate guy from Mammoth wondering when he was going to get a chance to talk to the superstar.    He looked at Dan back in his bathrobe, sitting back on the apple box, and wondered where Chuck Chendrill was when he needed him? The friend had given him something to make the kid’s penis that big he was sure, he’d seen something going on, the guy pulling something from his pocket then Dan going off and swigging down some water. He walked over, wondering if he should get the young boy some ice to put on his penis. Putting his arm on his shoulder he said, “Daniel, can I speak?” Dan nodded as Sebastian bent down and Mazzi started shooting again, seeing a young man sitting while the older crouched next to him. Sebastian said, “Daniel, I heard you deliver those lines, you were teasing me when you said you hadn’t read the scene weren’t you?” He wasn’t.    Dan said, “I got lucky.”   Sebastian carried on adjusting his feet, “You delivered them well. I think you surprised us all.”    And Dan said, surprising Sebastian, “So did she, she’s really good.”   And then the door to Adalia’s trailer opened and her personal assistant came out and spoke to Buffy first before pulling Sebastian aside as Buffy said, “Adalia doesn’t feel like she should do any more today with Dan, but she was very impressed with his performance. She understands he is young and that she’s a beautiful woman and these things happen, and she’d like to speak with him to clear the air and spend the rest of the day with the pair of them running through the script together as she feels he has a lot of potential.”   Dan was almost at the food truck and about to grab a huge piece of cake, hoping he was finished and about to see Chendrill or Belinda come around the corner to take him home safely, when Buffy grabbed him and told him about Adalia’s request. “You got to be kidding” he said.    Buffy said, “Dan it’s not even lunch yet, we’ve only been here five hours?”   And off he went, still in his bathrobe. Buffy knocked on the trailer door and handed Dan her script as Dan stepped inside and Adalia’s assistant stepped out.    Adalia sat alone at a desk as though she was at home, out of costume. Dan looked at her, then at the windows to the crew outside, as usual, doing nothing but eating, wondering how it was he could see out and no one could see in. Adalia said, “You read well, Daniel.”    Thinking all he needed was another one calling him by his given name, Dan said, “You ain’t so bad yourself.”    She replied, “I know I didn’t say much but after a while you don’t need to, you can convey as much as you need with just a look.” Then taking a deep breath, she looked to the floor for a moment and then back to Dan as her eyes began to smile as though she was just seventeen all over again and she said, “And Daniel, I want you to know that it’s not often a woman in her fifties has a young man like you as attracted to her as you were earlier, even if I am famous. I know I took off like some crazy diva, but the truth is I’m flattered.”   Dan stayed quiet, waiting for a ‘But’ to come as he looked at her bare feet sneaking out from the bottom of her casual wear designer dress. Then she said, “Like I said before, you read well, Dan very well. It was brief, but I’ve been around the block long enough to spot talent. Have you been to acting school?”    Dan smiled and said, “No it comes naturally, when you eat as much as me you need to be able to bullshit when the fridge is empty.”    Adalia smiled, walking over to him, and said, “Dan can I ask you something personal?” Dan nodded and, from the way she was looking at him, could feel his already swollen penis get another influx of blood, as she said, “Are you a virgin, Dan?”    And stumbling for words Dan said, “Well there’s been some—you know girls—and there was this blind girl in the park, but her dog bit me…” Adalia came closer and placed her hands on his shoulders and said, “Do you do drugs, Dan?”    And taking a deep breath Dan shook his head and, for once, not lying said, “Never.”    Then Adalia kissed him above his eyes and said, “Daniel earlier today, you made me feel young again. You made me feel sexy.” And she also wasn’t lying, showing off his huge boner on set and not worrying or being self-conscious when ninety-nine percent of men would have run and hid. The boy was innocence in its simplest form. He obviously liked her, she liked him and it had been a long time since a young man had shown such honesty.    And holding him by the hand, she led him to the bed nestled in to the side of the million-dollar trailer and laid herself down in a place as familiar to her as her own home, pulling him to her as she whispered, “I’m going to teach you all I know Daniel. I’m going to show you how—and make you a man.”    And Dan said, “Well don’t sit on my face because if you do my mum’s going to get angry.”   But Adalia wasn’t listening to much, just snippets of his words reaching her mind as she took off his bathrobe and ran her hands up and down his stomach, whispering into his ear as she went, “Our secret, Daniel our secret, let me show you the way.” Then he watched as she slipped off her dress and felt her hand on the outside of his shorts, stroking him with her hand as her other held his back. Feeling his body begin to tremble, his arms and shoulders shaking as he held himself above her, smelling the perfume in her hair as she took him out with her hand and, opening her legs, slipped him inside of her as he instinctively began to jerk his pelvis back and forth slowly at first then pounding fast and faster as he heard her gasp seconds later as he came so fast even he couldn’t believe it was over.    But it wasn’t because Adalia held him there feeling him still hard inside her, she leaned up and kissed him on the cheek and said, “You’ve made love to me as a boy, but in the future. I’m going to show you how to make love to me the way a man would.”   And after feeling her ex-husband’s fat gut squash her as they made love for so many years, she knew this would be her last chance in life to feel young again, so she would show him and she would show him well, but that wasn’t the only guidance Adalia Seychan had planned for the young man who’d just delivered a flawless performance without direction off the back of a ramshackle blocking with no rehearsal, unwavered by the fact that he was unable to hide his natural bodily functions. And as she’d sat back in her personal Airstream trailer brought up all the way from Hollywood for the day, pretending to be miffed she had decided to make him a star.
