Bones in the WaterA NOVEL BYPaul Slatter
This book is entirely a work of fiction. References to real people alive or dead, events, establishments, organizations, or locales are for the intended purpose only to provide a sense of authenticity, and are used fictitiously. All other characters, and all incidents and dialogue, are drawn from the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real. TNCS - Publishing EditionCopyright – 2017 by Paul Slatter – 1103027 B.C. Ltd. Kindle EditionAll rights reserved. No part of this book may be used, reproduced, transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, in any manner whatsoever without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews. The publisher is not responsible for any websites, or contents of any websites, that are not owned by the publisher.  First Trade Edition: January 20171103027 B.C. Ltd.
Also by Paul SlatterBurn Rock Solid Trust Me The Disciples of Coont DraculiLoser
ForLee Goggin 
ContentsChapter OneChapter TwoChapter ThreeChapter FourChapter FiveChapter SixChapter SevenChapter EightChapter NineChapter TenChapter ElevenChapter TwelveChapter ThirteenChapter FourteenChapter FifteenChapter SixteenChapter SeventeenChapter EighteenChapter NineteenChapter TwentyChapter Twenty-OneChapter Twenty-TwoChapter Twenty-ThreeChapter Twenty-FourChapter Twenty-FiveChapter Twenty-SixChapter Twenty-SevenChapter Twenty-EightChapter Twenty-NineChapter ThirtyChapter Thirty-OneChapter Thirty-TwoChapter Thirty-ThreeChapter Thirty-FourChapter Thirty-FiveChapter Thirty-SixChapter Thirty-SevenChapter Thirty-EightChapter Thirty-Nine
Book Two:Bones in the Water
Chapter One The three tourist dinghies sat in a semi circle which flanked the main boat in the early evening sun. The clear and turquoise water of the sand bank they rested on now stained with blood as the first of the sharks came sweeping in. Digging their razor sharp teeth into the chunks of rotten meat that hung from the sawn off bones KunToy threw into the water.       The crowd their ohing and ahing as the sharks tossed and turned, their jaws snapping out of the water as the feeding frenzy began. Soone Junamung watching it all as the spectacle unfolded shading the hard low sun from his eyes.       Middle aged foreign men with their young girlfriends watching on, tucking in their bellied as they tried to look cool. Young blonde headed Scandinavian boys for the moment forgetting their mothers, lost in in the spectacle, their eyes bulging, ignoring their fathers and sibling sisters, for the moment lost in awe. The  sharks, thrashing, as they twisted their bodies in the water. Smaller fish battling amongst it all taking the tiny morsels of spill.       Emptying a container of its rancid meat, Toy lifted it high up over the side of the boat. Pouring the slithery remains over the deck. The waterfall of blood dropping deep spreading itself out as its trajectory slowed and the seas natural current took over. The now diluted blood again churning as the darting fish bit quickly at the crumbs of flesh and left over sinew.             Then Kun Toy opened the big barrel and Soone Jungumang knew the real show was about to begin.  The Thai man reaching in with his bare hands, pulling large chunks of sawn of bone from within. Throwing them out one after the other into centre stage. The sharks ripping through the water, snatching at them, ripping the meat with their sharp teeth as the water churned more. The hind leg of a pig, the calf of a horse, the shoulder of a cow, the forearm of a man. Then the man’s hands, then his feet, his neck, his stomach, his ribs, his lungs. All cut into sections, quartered off and sliced into sectional chunks of meat by a butchers saw.       Soone, feeling the sadness as he watched the meat land and the sharks whipped and fought in the clear blue water. The man then and there knowing one part of a story was ending for he had found her and the second had just began.       Now it’s not as though Soone could see it was a fellow human that was being devoured down below him in the water. He couldn’t. In fact no one could have determined this. What he did see though was the face and eyes of the man laying down the early evening meal. His eyes half closed, his face deep in concentration, his smile to the crowd now gone.       You prick, you think Budhha will save you for this? Soone thought as he stared at the man to see the row of Buddhist amulets hanging around his neck swing out with every throw. You prick. Had the man killed her? No. did he even know who the woman was? Probably not. Was he breaking the law. That one was a one hundred percent yes.       But that was not why Soone was there. Not at all. He’d been tasked by a family on the other side of the world to find a woman who had stopped returning their calls. At first he’d paid no attention, knowing the woman would no doubt turn up. But on the second call a week later she had. Gathering the information he’d received he then checked the man’s credit cards. Yes she was still around. Spending money on a flight to Phuket that she had never used. Then for a salad at a shitty franchise restaurant. Then thirty thousand Baht in funds from a cashpoint at two Am. Then nothing. And now this.  What he needed to do now had he been a real concentiose police officer which he was not would be to have halted the proceedings and bought the man to task. That or dove into the water and grabbed an ankle or the woman’s spleen for a DNA test that would follow. But that was never going to happen. All he had was the gut feeling he felt having seen this man Kun Toy’s eyes and it was enough and that is where he would now start.       He waited for the show to end and watched the water as the sharks eased their frenzied manner, calmly swimming around below him in water that would eventually turn blue again. Then pulling his ID from his trouser pocket he flashed it to the guy at the helm??? And signalled him to take him over to the main boat.       Kun Toy watching as the boat approached. The man picking up the barrel that had contained the man’s remains and throwing it overboard as the tourist boat docked alongside. Soone Junumang saying as soon as he had stepped on board.       “You think doing that is going to save you? You need to get in there and fetch that back. Mind those sharks don’t think you’re chum.”      But the man wasn’t getting in the water. There wasn’t a chance. Soone knew that. Would he? Would you? Obviously there are some who’d happily volunteer. The marine biologists of this world and the sheer crazy adrenaline junkies who get off on stupid shit. But not this guy. The man saying quite simply.      Then Soone showed the man the photo of the woman, posing there by the pool in her bikini with her big titties bursting out in all her milf like divorcee splendour. He said,       “You see those beauty’s?”  Nervously Kun Toy looked to the man who obviously knew a lot more than he was letting on. Did he see them, yes, how could you not? Did he like them. Not really. The Thai guy not having a thing for western women and their big balloons, especially older ones that like to show them off. Looking to Soone he shook his head. Then Soone showed him the video of the kid on the deck of the boat playing with a silicone breast like he would a big squishy ball. The boy unmistakeably the son of one of the guys who operated one of the dinghies. The kid dropping the silicone breast onto the deck in delight before picking it up again and once more doing the same.   Stopping the video at the end Soone zoomed in tighter and tighter until all that was left was a serial number which he then read out loud. “SN-9L27T84613 – 375cc – left breast. Which once upon a time belonged to this lady. So I ask you – where did the right one go – along with the rest of her?” It was a good question, Kun tok thought as he remembered the slippery silicone breast skip out of his hand and dropping into the ocean. The man watching as the blood washed from its surface as it drifted away in the current. But how had the kid found it? Not that that mattered as he had. And now he had a serious problem. He said. 	“Not my kid. Not my problem.” Not his kid. And it never was anyone’s problem – until it was. Soone thought as he looked to the circular butchers saw bolted to a bench on the other side of the boats deck. He asked. “So if I bring a team in here then you’re telling me we aren’t going to find the smallest of morsel of this woman in that saws teeth?                               “Cannot.” No such word my friend no such word.  Soone thought as he approached the man. And heard the engine to his tourist boat engage.       “Name?” Soone then asked in that authorative tone only a cop that exuded self confidence could posses. The water beneath his ride over churning now as the boat moved on.       “Toy.” The man answered nervously as Soone looked about. The man cautious of any blood or stray sinewed flesh getting on the wrong side of his shoes.       “This you’re enterprise?” Soone then asked. It was. He  then looked out on the water. The three tourist boats turning themselves around, noisily swinging their long propeller shafts just above the water’s surface as they did. Digging the propeller blades into the ocean. Soone asked.      “Them as well?” Them as well, The man nodding in answer.So it was a good operation. Three boats, each with around twelve people on them paying 800 Baht as Soone had for the privilege of watching sharks feast for thirty minutes. Soon said. 	“you bring in say a hundred thousand baht a week and you still need to feed tourists to the fish?” he wasn’t wrong his math was good. He could see that. But there was something else. He said. 	“You kill this woman?”Kun Toy, staying quiet as he looked about the boat for an exit. The man having not killed anyone ever. The man just running a little fishing boat for years until some tourist had asked on the beach if he could show him some sharks. Kun Toy, doing just that and being paid handsomely for it, and things had just grown from there. Like all business’s in Thailand, when one person is successful another will set up shop right next door doing the same. It’s the way it was. But there was only one accessible sand bank and only so many sharks in the area. Despite what people believe when they go for a afternoon swim. So now they took turns, and Friday afternoon was Kun Toys day and yes disposing of the odd body was just a bonus, however wrong. 	Now though Kun Toy had a problem. Soone looked about the deck of the boat at all the old blood that was engrained into the wood and wondered how many other sharks had left the area with their stomachs full of some poor soul. He asked, 	“How many?”Kun Toy understanding exactly what he was being asked but staying quiet. Soone asked again. 	“How many others you bought here in a barrel? Tell me or I’ll bring a squad in to scrape every inch of blood from this deck and then I’ll be telling you.”	The man now standing there alone on his boat with Soone. The fishing vessel which hadn’t caught an actual haul in a while stinking of diesel and animal guts. Soone Junmuang carrying on and saying to the man who was now watching the last of the sharks circle and contemplating dropping a second body into the ocean to save his own skin. Soone junamung reading the desperation in the mans eyes and saying straight back.	“And don’t be thinking I can’t swim. Because it’ll be you those fish’ll be eating for afters.” 					**********So now this boat captain has a big issue. The cops were standing at his door and he had a band saw that had the collected particulars of around a dozen bodies that had found their way to his small enterprise that fed the fish and bought forever memories to the souls of those that paid the 800 baht it cost to board one of his dinghies and on their return where after never able to swim comfortably in the oceans warm inviting waters ever again. But it wasn’t this enterprising boat captain that soone was after. It was the person who’d no doubt send this woman with her big 375cc titties to the man ti be used as chum. And that is what had happened. The Thai man opening the 45 gallon drum two days previous to find the head of this woman staring up at him with her big silicone breasts implants stuck below her chin. And the macabre sight had been haunting him ever since. One breast he’d burnt, the other slippery surface though skidding away from his grasp and dropping into the ocean. The rest, yes the cop soone was not wrong had hit the band saw including the woman’s face and skull. Fuck he should have dove in and grabbed the squishy silicone ball he thought as he looked to the kid now sitting in the shade by the dinghies engine this little boy who’d somehow found a silicone tittie floating in the ocean - but why would he have dove in when he knew the sharks would not be far away awaiting lunch. Fuck fuck fuck the man thought as panic, regret and fear swished through his nervous system with hurricane force. Then he heard soone drop him a lifeline. As he simply said. “It’s not you I’m after - Tell me who sent you the woman and you can go back to feeding bovine and roadkill to the fish.” But as good as the offer was - if he did it would be him who’d end up in a barrel and being fed to the fish whilst the tourists cheered and clamped their hands to their mouths in shock morbid horror. But if he didn’t then the police would be flooding the boat and he’d be off to rot jail whilst his wife and daughters had fun playing with these money toting farang men whilst they sold their asses on soi 6 until he got out. If he ever did get out that is. Fuck - all this because some woman’s husband had wanted a couple of fun bags to squeeze. Then he heard soone jusnamung say sealing the deal. “Tell me who drops off the barrels and I’ll take it from there. I guarantee whoever it is - if they can’t count to ten in Thai they will be chum themselves before the month is out. And he wasn’t lying. It was the way the man operated. Living by the sword With himself not particularly worried about anyone soiling his own country’s earth. The people who had been using the system to dispose of their own waste mostly knowing little Thai other than thank you. If they could ever be bothered to say it that is.	So now he had the answer. Kun Toy doing the deal. The man giving the name of the person who’d delivered the girls body the night before in return for Soone not taking things any further than they needed to go - For now. 	It was not common for woman to go missing or get themselves killed in this small part of the country where Soone Junmang called home. Normally it was men, young and old, some coming here and deciding to stay as so many do. The man meeting a girl. Then when the money ran dry or the girl simply ran they’d take the first class seat on a pattaya airlines flight from the top of ???? tower and hit the concrete below. That or drugs or a heart attack from to much booze or to much sex or both. Did people get themselves killed and cut up and used as bait. No, the odd guy gets himself thrown out of the window by a lady boy on occasion. That was a reality. Or the odd guy drowned or dying in traffic. Yeah. Turned into fish chum. No.       So he’d found out what had happened to the woman but not why it had happened Soone thought as he made it back to his car. He opened the door and turned on the engine and let the aircon cool his body for a while whilst he thought.       He took a deep breath, put the Honda Civic into gear, and pulled away. Feeling his back push into the hard lamb’s wool seats that made him itch as the sports engine hit full revs. The car noisy with it’s hollowed out exhaust and sports kit wheels. Soone not giving two royal shits about that or for the fact he may get caught speeding. Why would he? He was a cop after all. And any cop who decided he was in fringing the laws of the road, well he’d probably know them.       Soone Junamung, Thai tourist police detective. Educated, snappy dresser, mover, shaker and thanks to the man from London who married his mother and became his stepfather at a young age, completely fluent in English.       He hit the entrance to Pattaya’s Walking Street and slowed, then drove slowly through the gateway and into the pedestrian area until he found the usual bunch of reprobates sitting at their tables in the Street’s center. The Thai tourist police looking proud. Slim and well cut in the sharp uniforms and shiny boots. Their western counterparts - not so much.  Sandy, a guy who was from somewhere in Canada that Soone had heard was close to the Rockies nodding as Soone sat down. The Canadian being not that bad of a guy when it came down to it. No real ego as some tended to have. That ingrained superiority taught at schools in the western world which laid as much claim to truth and reality as telling kids you harvest apples from an orange grove.       People were people - where ever they stemmed from. Growing either good or bad on their way through life despite the influences subjected to them on the way. Westerners to Soone it seemed, came and went as fast as a waiters and cooks passed through the door to a kitchen at a restaurant. Upping their lives to anyone who’d listen. Ex detective, Ex CIA, Ex FBI, Ex Marine, Ex mall cop though seemed more the reality. Soone listening for one minute and losing his English skills the next as soon as the bullshit started. Looking to him, Sandy said,      “Lucky you got here when you did. Nothing’s happened.” And nothing had happened, yet that is. But it would once the night moved on. A hundred thousand ?? people – tourists from near and far, bar girls, hookers, ladyboys, bouncers, pick pockets, predators, lonely men, gay men, Bi men, straight men, curious men, and their gender equivalent opposites, couples, families, husbands and wives, rape gangs, gangsters. I could go on. Everyone here wandering the streets, drinking, smoking weed, some searching for drugs, most looking for love of some kind. Yes thing would begin to happen as they always seemed to. Men ripped off by their new girls, drunks, stolen wallets, stolen hearts. Sandy sitting there watching it all with his small bottle of water. The man from the oil patch always wondering what it would be like to be a cop and now being just that.       This woman with the breasts who’d ended up as chum had been there amongst them, Soone had known that, he’d seen her, eventually in the footage he’d found of the woman as she walked the walk in her spaghetti top and sandals, her newly ironed tight and neatly pressed shorts. The woman blending into the crowd doing her best to ignore the cat calls from the girls who lined the bars. Calling out “Hey mister, hello handsome man.” As she passed by. Soone picking her up at the hotel and following her as she wandered the streets. The woman just looking about the place as though she was out shopping for a new suit. The woman sitting in the front row seats of a bar when she became too hot or tired. Drinking her tonic water with its little piece of lime. Watching the world pass by. The woman leaving alone and returning to her hotel as the night drew to a close. Standing solitary in the seemingly endless line for the elevators, consisting of men and women, hand in hand with their newly found loves, heading to the rooms to get fucked. The bar girls leaving their ID cards with the reception so as they don’t make off with the towels.       Why was she here? Soone had thought as he’d watched the one nights digital footage and then the second to see the same thing. There were other places she could go. He’d thought, Nicer places like the islands like Lipe or Hua Hin or even Chang Mai. Why come to a gym if you’re not going to work out. Was she just curious? He’d thought, was it women she was looking for – maybe it seemed. But she was just too shy? But these girls had a way of dealing with that. Eking out any shyness from with the best of them. Male or female. A well-rehearsed and practiced deep throat blow job or pussy lick followed by some scissor action will do that they say. But now he knew where she’d ended up and he not only had a name but he knew where he’d be going next. Still staring, Sandy said,       “Some girl was just here, crying. Says she wants to talk to you though.”Oh god, Soone thought, it was the French girl again. They’d met two weeks before at a club. The girl living it up, dancing in amongst the Thai girls at the Marine disco. The girl looking to Soone with his fancy designer clothes and nicely cut hair. The two of them taking off the following weekend to Koh Samet and hardly leaving the room. The girl taking in the local culture as they say and purring unintelligible French whilst they’d laid together in their small beach side cabin and watched the waves outside. But then some guy had gotten himself thrown from a window and Soone had headed south for a while and returned with this new car. 	“Thai girl.”  Sandy said carrying on. Ok? So it wasn’t the French girl. Soone thought both happy and sad at the same time. He looked to the stream of people pass by wondering if this Thai girl might be one of them. 	“Who?” He asked as he turned to Sandy.	“Just a girl. And a sweet one at that.”										************About an hour later the girl had returned. Looking happy as she seated herself at the table where Soone was still positioned. He definitely knew this girl. The man having dated her for a while a couple of years back when he’d met her whilst she’d stood there looking good as she modelled at an international car show. Soone there, wandering about looking to cars he could never afford on his tourist police detectives salary. The girl giving him the eye not just once as he’d passed her by. The two of them hitting a club the same night after the show and then breakfast in the morning. Then she’d told him about her five year plan and hearing it the relationship had soured.       This girl being the same one who’d told him about the kid playing with the silicone breast out on some sandbar. The girl Ki, now sitting there at the table in her skirt and heels, looking cute with a fancy red silk scarf draped casually around her neck and shoulders. Soone Junamung saying to her,	“You weren’t wrong about the beach ball.”Ki, not saying a word for a moment. Then saying as she looked out to the street at the passers-by. 	“Yeah, I know. It made me wonder if the girl it belonged too was the one being fed to the sharks. But I doubt that. Yeah, Soone thought, she wasn’t wrong there. Not at all. 	“And?” Soone asked, knowing it was best for him not to elaborate.	“And, since I helped you, well I was wondering now if you would help me?”That was quick, Soone thought as he wondered had the info she’d given been the invite so as he’d take her seriously with whatever issue she was dealing with. So he said. 	“I don’t need pre paying in any form if that’s what you’ve just done. You can talk to me and I’ll do what I can.”	“I know.” Ki replied, “But, I thought I’d do the right thing. I heard you’d been looking for some farang for a while and, well you know.”Some farang . Well she wasn’t wrong there. Farang being the Thai word for foreigner, and yes I had been searching for Angela Downe for a week now and Ki had accidentally found her whilst on a day out with some Korean guy who she’d already forgotten after he’d paid for her time after they’d met at the Gentleman’s club she worked at. The girl being a glorified bar girl, and a pretty one at that – the girl sticking to her five year plan she’d mentioned to Soone when they had been together. The plan being to play the high end game until she was thirty. Save and walk away and buy a farm, then never look back. And play the high end game she had. Ki being the lead lady in whichever gentlemen’s club took her fancy. The kind of girl who had the looks and demeanour that guys would have to pay double or treble if they wanted her to lay down with them, either short time or long time. Soone said,	“you get that farm yet?”And Ki had, but not just any farm but a sugar cane plantation along with a huge forest less than an hour to the south on a long stretch of land bordering Cambodia?? But it wasn’t just a long stretch of land loaded with fruit trees and sugar cane fields. It was a soon to be Elephant sanctuary. 	“yes, I have. Its Five hundred rai on the side of a mountain,” Ki answered, “And every time I lay down with a guy I buy more land and plant more trees. I’ve got the land and I just bought a baby elephant as well.” Soone looked to the girl, sitting there with not just the pretty face. Genuinely interested, he was about to get into it when his ex lover cut him short. 	“But.” Ki said, looking to the floor. “That’s not why I’m here – last night there was an Indian guy in the club. And you know I wouldn’t usually have been interested because, like you know, the way they can be.”The way they can be. Soone thought. He knew that only too well. He’d heard the stories. Seen the little holiday gangs that roamed along Beach road looking for a deal. All of them like scared school children hanging about around the girl their ‘spokesman’ would be talking to as he tried to make the deal of the century. The man with his slicked back hair and fat gut pressed tight against his shirt that hung over his belly. The lead guy finding out the girls price and agreeing to it all as long as his ‘brother’s’ could join in. Asking for not a two for one special. But a five to one gangbang special. 	“And you went with the guy?” Soone then asked curiously. And in the pursuit of perhaps another dozen fruit trees dug into the side of a hill, she had. The man’s dress code being different from the others Indian men that frequented the area. The man in his designer shoes with his manicured nails. Telling her in his proper English accent about the factories he owned. About his wife and his children that went to Oxford. The man showing her the pictures of himself standing next to his nice shiny Bentley parked outside his mansion in Berkshire England. Ki taking it all in and accepting the offer of a night in his penthouse suite at premium rate. The man nothing other than the gentleman he’d pretended to be until she’d arrived there to find the group of men in the spare bedroom room waiting. Ki herself knowing better than to stay and be raped by them all, quickly turning and heading for the door but finding it locked with her not being allowed to leave.	“Okay,” Soone said as he handed a napkin to the girl so as she could dry her tears. Then asked.	“And what did the Mamasan at the bar say when you told her?”	“Club.” Ki said back quickly correcting the man. Not that it made any difference to Soone, he knew the score. A bar on soi six where you could pick up girls and take them home for a fee was of little difference to a ‘Gentleman’s club on Walking street where you could pick up a girl and take her home for a fee. Except in one the same drink cost more. 	“said, I should know better.” Ki carried on saying. 	“They pay you?”They had.	“But only what the guy told me he would.”That was tough, Soone thought. Hard to prove what was agreed and what wasn’t. And It wasn’t the first time it had happened in this town and sadly it wouldn’t be the last. Usually though the victims were the new girls, not one owning a farm, but fresh off the farm, so to speak and naïve to the potential savagery. Ki then saying.	“Should have been them they feed to the sharks. Throw in that rich guy last so as he knew what was coming.”Soone thought about that one. The police man sure that this girl he’d once had feeling for had thought long and hard about which person to talk to with regard making that happen. Someone who could take the men to Kun Toy on his boat or himself. Soone though was obviously the cheaper option, and the better one. He said,	“Well coming to me you get to enjoy those elephants you just bought and don’t end up in jail so you got that right.” And she had, the option of killing the guilty party having stayed strong in the girls mind since the incident. As it would with anyone, despite their sensitivities. It was human nature. Get harmed, do harm, There was nothing sweeter than revenge.  	Looking to the road and then to the other cops, Ki pulled back the scarf quickly to expose the dark brown and red bruising around her arms and neck. Looking Soone straight in the eyes as he stared back at her yellowing skin, Ki said,	“I think that’s enough for me around here. It’s time to move on – grow up - you know?”Good, Soone thought, at least the girl had gotten something good out of something so bad. Then Ki said, 	“There’s a English guy, I met him last year. He’s asked me to marry him, but you know. I’ll let myself heal then see what happens.” See what happen’s. Soone got that. The marriage was never going to happen.	“Is he here?” Soone then asked. Watching as the girl delicately placed the scarf back around her neck as she shook her head, Ki answered.	“No, he lives in London, he’s there.”	“he buy those elephants for you?”	“Elephant.”Ki said back quickly correcting Soone, then thought about that one, the guy had, in a way. The elephant and the land that the little elephant would be free to roam once it and the others she could manage to save felt safe enough to roam. Ki getting the ball rolling as she’d saved everything she’d earned and added to the land her grandparents had left her when they’d passed. But then she’d met this guy and the money had just kept coming.       With the realization that he was waiting for an answer that wasn’t coming, Soone then asked.       “He know what you do?”		“yeah, I work in a club. But his hands are not exactly clean, so you know.”So you know, Soone thought. What did that mean? The guy also worked in a bar and sold his tail, is that what she meant? 	“He does something with banks, delivers money in a security van I think.”But the man wasn’t from London - he was from Belfast in Northern Ireland and he didn’t work driving armoured security vans for the bank he robbed the armoured security vans delivering the money to the bank. And the man’s name was Terry Mills	The two of them had met the day after the man had knocked off a Security van in the middle of ??? high st in Northern Ireland. The man, along with his two other accomplices who’m he’d grown up with on the fall’s road. Him living on one side of the protestant and catholic divide that separated the two religions populist. Lee Mills on his side, his friends on the other. The three of them taking out the tires of the security van with police road spikes they had stolen from the police station and blowing the doors off the back with explosives. The three off them then disappearing south into the republic with 250,000 pounds in cash and sitting in a gentlmans club on walking st twenty four hours later. Terry and Ki locking eyes straight after she’d had come downstairs from the first floor after giving some loser a blow job in one of the short time rooms and secured another small parcel of land full of trees. The two of them kissing for hours straight after and again back in his hotel room, Lee Mills quickly falling in love with the girl after receiving the girlfriend experience he’d paid her and bought her to an island and to be his for the week. 	“Kind of boring though is he? If he works in a bank all day?” Soone asked, as he imagined the girl being stuck with a man on her farm after some snap decision. But he needn’t have worried about that, as Terry Mills was anything but boring.					**************	So now with the question of what this man was doing to dirty his hands, still at the back of his mind, Soone Junamang had something else to occupy his already busy schedule. But that was okay. It was what kept him alive. Digging deep, solving problems, getting answers righting wrongs, stealing cars. 	Now it has been said that there is a level of corruption within the institution he worked in, and that goes without saying in pretty much every city and country in the modern world. Soone though being the exception to the rule. The man vowing to never take a bribe to look the other way and he never had. Cars though were his thing and yes if the circumstances were right and he could maneuver his way into obtaining one in a manner that allowed a person to exchange it for something they were about to receive anyway. Then so be it. There was after all Karma which always needed to be taken into consideration.    					****************At nine Am the next morning Soone was at the police station on ???? road and sitting outside the offices that supported all the CCTV data that flowed into the computer servers??? 24/7. His favourite operator Bil looking to him with a smile as soon as Soone entered the booth holding a coffee. Bil saying as he wondered why the man was back again so quickly, 	“Maybe you should just work here?”But that was not Soone’s thing. Far from it. The thought of being there watching screens everyday, not a chance. Soone saying as he handed him the drink. 	“Who’d get you these if I did?” Then getting straight to it, he said two things. First we going to find ourselves a rapist, second we going to find ourselves some other guy who feeds fish. 	It hadn’t taken long to find Ki leaving the gentlemens club with the elegantly dressed Indian man. The guy in his expensive suit and shoes. Ki looking fine wearing the change of clothes she always carried so as not to embarrass herself in her work heels. The man older than Soone had thought he’d be as he watched him in the monitor waiting outside the club for Ki to exit. Then walking with her like a gentleman to a taxi. Bil knowing his job, locking onto the car with new technology and following the vehicle for Soone without being asked, until it pulled up outside the Hilton???? 					*************	Armed with a clear photo of the Indian man Soone had then sat down with the hotels manager and politely asked for the mans information.  Five minutes later Soone had it and was standing outside the mans suite. Knocking on the door he waited and the moment it opened he showed his badge and without asking stepped inside. 	The Indian man standing there in the presidential suite in his casuals and bare feet. The man looking somewhat shocked. Soone already now knowing the man’s name said. 	“Name?”	“What is this?” The man asked in perfect heavily accented. English.” Soone asked again. 	“Name?”	“You not just barge in here?”	“You’re in Thailand. My country - No one cares. But you already know that it seems.” The man not bothering to answer the question. So Soone answered for him. 	“Jaminder Dohal, you’re under arrest for rape.”Jaminder Dohal, hearing this, sat himself on the suites fancy sofa and looked about shaking his head in astonishment. He said, 	“I am a man of god, I am a man of family…..” Stopping him in his tracks, Soone then pulled out a time stamped photo of Jaminder and Ki entering the hotel from the taxi. Then another of them at the elevator and then in the elevator. Then a photo of Ki showing her bruising and then another of her leaving the suite and her looking distressed, roughed up and crying in the elevator and leaving the hotel foyer. 	“Family man of god? You’re first and after I’ll be going to see your friends.” But Jaminder Dohal??? Was not interested in what this low life cop had to say because all he needed to do after hearing enough from this man was for him to pull out his government ID from his pocket and say two words.	“Diplomatic immunity.”					*******************Now this was a first for Soone. It seems from what he could tell from the CCTV footage there had been four men in total. Jaminder Dohal included. All dispersing one after the other. Disappearing into one club then another until they’d all seemingly been lost into the ether. 	Diplomatic immunity, what could he do with that. He’d arrest the man and then have one ton of shit fall in his direction. He’d been down the same road previously with a Canadian diplomat who couldn’t hold his drink. Should he follow procedure, this would go nowhere, for that he was certain. He said.  	“that piece of card’ll be worthless if this happens a second time.” Jaminder Dohal, stared at this man, who spoke perfect English. The man’s persona reeking of someone who had money and power. But he was now having to deal with was a cop and all cops are corrupt. And on top of that he was getting hungry, so he then walked to his briefcase, reaching in, he then pulled out some cash. Then for a moment he stared Soone in the eyes before saying. 	“Take twenty thousand baht, my gift to you.” Soone saying straight back. 	“Ten times that or you’ll be dealing with your ambassador.”Two hundred thousand Baht, a few ??? rupees short of five thousand dollars. Jaminder Dohal thought. But cheap at half the price if it would get this shit head off his back. Reaching back into his brief case he pulled out another bigger wad and the moment he’d put it into Soones hand, saying,  	“Now get the fuck out of…..” and before he could say another word, Soone had taken a quick step to one side and bringing his right leg up with whip and vigour and slapped one of his nice new Lacoste training shoes with the little crocodile on its side into the man’s fat stomach and knocked him to the floor. Looking at the man as he sat on the hard wood floor fighting for his breath, Soone then said.	“carry on - what were you saying.” Tucking the money into his pocket he said. 	“This goes to the girl. Not to me.” Taking out his phone Soone then opened the camera and hitting the video record button he then aimed the camera at the diplomat before kicking him again as he maneuvered himself around behind the man. Sweeping at him with two kicks to the kidneys that held enough force to make the man piss and shit blood for a week. Wracked in pain and barely able to breathe, Jaminder Dohal dropped down onto his back. The man’s legs open, his hands reaching out to either side of himself grasping out at nothing as the pain tore through his body. Holding the camera to him and ignoring the diplomat’s cry’s in pain, Soone then moved himself in front of the man and reigned down four kicks equally as hard into the mans testicles. Saying as he did, 	“One for your friend – Two for your other friend  – Three for your other friend – Four for the other friend.” Then winding up and releasing a blow with his foot twice as hard he said, “and Fifth is for you.”  Then backing up and keeping the video to the man he said.         “Now - Tell me the names of the other four or I’ll keep going until you do.”  Chapter TwoThe next evening Soone Junmuang met Ki. The girl turning up again at the same spot on Walking St where on most evenings for the one hour people who knew him also knew where he could be found. The girl still upset and distressed. Soone saying as he handed her an envelope with the money he’d taken from the diplomat. 	“I know it won’t change things, but I got you this.”Ki looked to the envelope and then opening it she peaked inside. It was a lot of money. Soone saying, “And believe me the man’s now hurting just as much as you.” Ki quickly saying straight back.	“Bruises heal, but I’m not sure my mind ever will.” Then looking at Soone she said, “you arrest him?”He hadn’t. Embarrassed Soone said. 	“The man’s a diplomat with the Indian embassy. It’s complicated.”Ki looked back down to the envelope and then back to Soone. 	“So this is it, this is his punishment?”	“No, that is your victim compensation. The punishment was him pissing blood for a week from the kick in I gave him. I took a video of it should you wish some closure.”But Ki wasn’t interested in ever seeing that man’s face again - in pain or otherwise. But as for her fiancé, Terry Mills. What Soone had dished out was never going to be enough. And Soone was about to discover that the man was already in town. 					***************The moment he’d heard the love of his life crying on the other end of the phone, Terry Mills was on the way to the airport. And by the time she’d stopped, the man was in the departure lounge and fifteen hours later he was leaving Bangkok’s Suvamhami airport in a taxi. As soon as he saw Soone he asked. 	You’se the cop my girl was supposed to marry?” as he now sat at the small desk the Pattaya Tourist Police had set up on walking street. Had he and Ki talked of marriage. Soone wondered - Not once - but who was he to step all over a beautiful girls memories.       “Is that what she told you?” Soone asked the man as he looked to his tattooed arms.       “Said she was supposed to get married to you but she was now happy as she met me….. And don’t worry about the fact that you fucked my fiancée and all that as these things happen, I know that. As long as it wasn’t after we get engaged and all that, right?” Soone asking straight back. 	      “You cool with her job then I take it?”      “Works in a club? That what you mean? She be not the only girl in the world works in a club - All clubs have pretty girls, if they didn’t no one would ever buy a fucking drink….. And … She not put out though if thaat’s what you referring too? That’s the other girls that do that.”The other girls, Soone thought, go tell that to the people selling the girl avocado trees for her new farm. It was always the other girls who put out. Never the girls that these men from overseas seemed to marry. Then Terry Mills said.	“I knows what you’se thinking. What Ki doing in the guy’s suite then? Well I already asked that question and she says she was looking for her friend – was worried about her, so you can forget about that.” Soone Junmuang could not give a shit either way. The girl could do whatever she wanted as far as he was concerned, as long as the person she was doing it with respected her. Which these men from the Indian Embassy had not. Then Terry Mills said. 	“My girl says - You’ve got a video for me?”And Soone Junmuang did have a video and it was a violent one at that, with some severe blows being inflicted on a certain diplomats testes.	Sitting quietly, Terry Mills watched the video from start to finish. Then said, 	“Is that it?” He asked Soone as he sat in the chair next to his girl at the outdoor tourist police station and watched the Indian diplomat take the kick in of his life from Soone. The man saying in his broad northern Irish accent which was hard for Soone to understand.	“Seriously – Is that - fucking  - it?” Then looking up to Soone as the video ended he said it again this time putting an enormous amount of surprise and enfosiss on - it.	“Is – That – Fucking….. It?It was. Soone thought, For now. Unless this prick of a diplomat decided to continue with this hobby that is. Then he heard Terry Mills say, as the man rubbed his hand across his head and looked briefly to the passer’s by, 	“What about the other four cunts?” Soone saying straight back to the man.	“I’ll get to them.”	“You’ve fucking done nutting? You done fucking nutting?” Terry Mills asked straight back. 	“They’ll pay.” Soone then said, the man making him feel inadequate despite all he’d done so far.	“Too foocking right they will when I find them. And I won’t go soft like youse. I’ll be leaving those fuckers for dead. Along with that cunt you been playing footsie with in your fucking video! They survive they survive.”	Soone looked to Ki, the girl embarrassed by the man who was claiming to marry her’s  outburst, despite it being on her behalf. With a smile Soone then said in Thai, 	“And you wish to be marrying this man?” 	“No,” Ki then replied, “He’s wanting to marry me - there’s a difference.” 	And with that, Soone Junmuang handed the names and whereabouts of the Indian rape gang to his ex girl who now had land that ran along the Thai Cambodian border, and if she passed it on to this  man who wanted her to be his bride who seemed intent on wreaking havoc, then who was he to  stand in the way of any karma these men had inflicted upon themselves.  					******************That’s just how it had always been for Terry Mills growing up in Belfast. Any trouble, be it domestic abuse, sexual assault, and anything in between. It was always ‘sorted’ as they’d say in Belfast. If a women cried rape, they’d put the woman in a room with the same man and the truth never failed to appear. If a man beat on his women, the same, and the reason why would be determined. And if the man turned out to be guilty - he always paid the price. The consequences to his actions would be quite simple, a beating would occur and he’d be left of dead. If he survived then he survived, if he didn’t, well that was just the way it was. And as for paedophiles. Well then the only option of survival for their kind would be to first survive all of the above and then find a way to breathe after finding their way to a peat bog, because that’s where they’d stay.           The first man Lee Mills had found was ironically the first to have penetrated his girl. The Indian man standing there in the hotel suite back then on such a horrific day, as Jasbinder Dohal??? held Ki down violently by the neck. The man from New Delhi with his brilliant white teeth and oily skin, unable to control his urges as he’d stepped forward and pounded on the girl for a good thirty seconds before coming. The man now waking up in his bed with a strange Irishman standing in his room. 	Terry Mills not waiting or making any announcement as to why he was there. Just thumping the man with what felt to the Indian man like a hammer, but was simply the Irishman’s right fist. Terry Mills saying straight after. 	“Ya think ya cane rape me fucking gill does you?”The Indian man not understanding one word that came from the Northern Irishman’s lips and without a clue as to why he was there. Terry Mills, dragging the now semi-conscious man from his bed by the feet and bringing him to the floor. Saying as he kicked with venom at the man’s testis until he’d done irrevocable damage. 	“Pound on me fecking gill, I’ll pound on youse.”And then another Indian man arrived, from another bedroom, bursting into his friends room carrying a knife he’d no doubt picked up in the kitchen. Terry Mills, seeing him and disarming him - despatching the man with unrivaled speed and grace. The guy quickly finding himself on the ground and at the mercy of Terry Mills foot. 					***************Soone Junmuang, sat in his chair on Walking street as he watched the world pass by and heard the phone in his pocket ring. Pulling it out he looked to the number he didn’t know and answering recognised Terry Mills instantly. Terry Mills saying, 	“These men not as strong as youse think, need to eat more meat I’ll be thinking.”Soone looked to his watch, it was just passing 9 PM The Street now just getting lively. He asked, 	“You find them?” Terry Mills saying straight back.	“Who?”	“The men who hurt your girl.” Soone said as he watched an overweight gentleman in his sixties pass by with two young girls on either arm. The man looking as though a heart attack was imminent. 	“That be a police matter – not mine.” But in the mans words Soone could also here the truth. For fuck sake, Soone thought, no longer worrying about some European man’s cardiovascular system and wishing now that he’d not been lazy and held back on giving Ki the particulars about the men that had assaulted her.   	“So you’se need to sort that out.” Terry Mills carried on. 	“me?”	“Youse, yes, you’se need to start working for a living. Can’t sit around all fecking cozy on walking street all fekking night, you know whilst there’s these people out there going about hurting women. You need to clean up your fucking trash.” Soone thought about that one, yeah he was sitting on the road watching the world go by. That wasn’t untrue. And this guy had just flown in and no doubt started cleaning house. Was it legal? One hundred percent no. Was it right? Not really. But how many other Ki’s were out there whom these guys had ran a train on? So how bad was it really if after the fact they’d had to suffer themselves whilst this psychopath unleashed his fury. Then Terry Mills said,	“I’ve come here to comfort my lady in her hour of need not run around doing your job. 					*******************      By the time Kun Toy had arrived at the apartment complex. Terry Mills already had the Indian men’s bodies stuffed into two wheelie bins he’d found downstairs in the parking garage. Kun Toy walking to the balcony window to look out over the nicely lit pool. The man taking the call from Ki and now wondering how these two idiots who’d just gotten themselves killed could afford to live here when he still needed to keep buckets around for the rainy season. Returning, he opened both bins to see the bodies inside. The one Indian who’d been first to enter Terry Mill’s fiancé still with his eyes open, looking back up at him. Terry Mills saying as he read the ‘It’s feeding time’ slogan on back of Kun Toys jacket, the word encircling a hand artists rendition of a toothy shark. 	“you in luck you feeding people to the fishes.” Kun Toy not understanding one word as he looked to the man and smiled back as he closed the wheelie bins lid. 	“What size?” Lee Mills asked, curiously. “Cos I love that shit – and if youse feeding them these cunts, I’m watching,” Kun Toy not quite understanding what the heavily accented man and saying straight back as he closed the lid. 	“Ocean, tomorrow, ocean, many sharks yes?” Kun Toy saying as he looked to Terry Mills smiling as he pulled the first of the bins towards himself onto its rear wheels and headed for the apartments door. 	“you’se use sharks and shit here? We use peat bogs and pigs.	“Ticket – eight hundred baht, show starts, pier, 4PM.” Terry Mills watched the man disappear through the door. Picking up the second bin and following. Saying as he caught up with him at the elevator.	“If I bring me girl, don’t let on the sharks dinners these two coont’s.”					****************Soone Junmuang had not moved from where he sat for a moment. The man cleverly seated right in front of one of the CCTV cameras that surveyed and recorded Walking Street. Whatever this man who spoke funny had possibly done. It had nothing to do with Soone, because he’d been right there doing his job. He watched a group of young excited American men walk past. Their faces red from drink and excitement. Every one of them following the direction their dicks were now pointing. Their pockets full of cash and soon to be emptied by whichever sirens they happily fell victim too. 	He looked to Terry Mills as he sat uninvited in the chair opposite Sandy. For every hundred coming into town to get laid, there would be five other types skulking in the shadows who saw fit to go one step further and exploit the needy or the young. And of these five there would always be one vigilante not far behind looking for street justice. And from what Soone could see lee Mills was just that. But street justice was street justice and from what Soone Junmuang had seen so far the punishment dealt always exceeded the crime. So who was he to go rain on a vigilantes parade and ruin their vacation. Live by the sword and die by the sword as they say. 	He took a deep breath and looked to the security camera that would have been watching him the whole evening. The undeniable digital footage of his whereabouts being his back up, his alibi, if things went south. Which since he was now dealing with embassy diplomats it so easily  could. 	The ring leader he’d given the almighty kick in too despite Lee Mills wavering opinion on the video he’d seen would have Soone as his prime suspect when his raping slimy bastard friends didn’t show up for work in the morning. The man no doubt doing his best to walk from the bruising or perhaps calling a sicky whilst he laid on the sofa with a bag of ice on his crutch. 	Either way, the whole thing had upped a level now two of them where on their way to be fish food. There was also the other two who had so far escaped either Soone’s wrath and now had a psychopath on their tail.	If they had any sense they’d be heading for the airport after what had happened so far to the other three, Soone thought. But they should have but hadn’t because two hours later Lee Mills was sitting outside the condo they shared just off soi Bukahow??? 				*********************	Lee Mills sat there with his feet up on a lounger as he looked up at the condo two flights above the pool.       The Indian man wandering around inside, nervously drinking beer and looking down to the pool at the man who now sat outside openly watching the windows of the one bedroomed condo the embassy had rented for him. All he’d had was a call from ??? telling him to stay home and watch out for a cop that had been over to his suite. The lights now no longer burning in the condo of the other two whom he hadn’t heard word from since he’d seen the guy sitting below help some local take the garbage out.       Walking away from the window to the kitchen, he waited and then walked back to the window again a minute later to see the man had gone. Two minutes later there was a knock on the door and it was Lee Mills on the other side when he opened it. The man standing there in front of  a wheelie bins saying.       	“I’m here to collect the garbage.”      Then reaching out with his hand he quickly snatched the Indian diplomat by his silk shirt pulling the man towards him before sending him back through the door with a headbutt delivered to the crown of the mans nose. Then he stepped inside. The Indian who had thoroughly enjoyed the sexual assault the group had forced upon the fiancé of the man who now stood in their kitchen saying in shock.       “Diplomat, diplomat….”Lee Mills answering the man with a quick and severe kick to the nuts. Then saying as he looked down upon in on the floor.		“Now shows me you’se fucking phone.”They sat at the kitchen table. Lee Mills between him and the front door. The Indian eyeing the bread knifes on the counter as the Irishman looked through the first of the videos on one of the man’s phones. Watching him out of the corner of his eye as he did saying,		“Takes a chance with them knifes, if you wish.”  The first of the videos where of no consequence, just family shit back in New Delhi. Then he hit one of a young Thai girl being raped. The girl not in the same league beauty wise as Ki, but a definite victim nonetheless. The poor girl, red in the face, terrified and struggling as the leg of a unseen man pinned her head back. The Indian man now with one eye on the kitchen counter fucking the girl as her arms and hands pushed back on him whilst he did. The easily translatable Urdhu?? Sending encouragement his way, spewed out from unseen participants. Lee Mills looking to the man as he watched the small phone screen, asking,		“Yous’e showed your mother this?” the Indian man saying once again in appeal.		“Girl want rough - She ask us for this.” Lee Mills hearing again the man’s plea of clemency and ignoring it. Saying,		“Listen, say all the shit you want – but you should know you could have mahatma?? fucking ghandi?? Sitting at this table and it wouldnee make a blind bit of difference.”Then looking back to the phone Lee Mills scrolled down to another video and opening it immediately saw Ki in the identical situation as the same man raped her. 	And that’s when the shit hit the fan for the remaining Indian civil servant who worked at the embassy.   					***************By the time 2 Am came around Lee Mills sat himself down next to Soone Juanamang who still except to use the washroom had still not left his spot. Sandy there with him watching the world go by as he drank one tonic water after the other. The man not to dissimilar in appearance to the never ending stream of western men that flowed past their table in either direction. The farm girls newly employed by the clubs, standing before them both, outside their respective venues, uncomfortable in their uniformed clothes and high heels, doing their best to entice customers inside. Lee Mills oblivious to the world around him as he opened the phone of the man who had not survived his onslaught. Soone Juanumang, seeing now in detail the story Ki had told him. Feeling the sadness inside. He said,		“Doesn’t look to me like she asked for that - where are this guy now?”		“Getting themselves ready for the show I’m thinking.”Getting ready for the show, Soone thought, the men in the video, so full of life and excitement as they ran their rape train through his ex. Now maybe being sliced and diced up into bite size chunks. Looking to the man, Soone asked. 		“I take it these people are no longer with us?”		“I’d say that anyone who decides to make a video like that with my girl or any girl for that matter, is likely to not be seeing Christmas. So it’s three down and one to go.	So that was it, Soone thought, three down for the man from Belfast and one to go. The man obviously deciding that the man from the tourist police had been too lenient in his castigation. Soone said, 		“Well the last, he’s higher up the flag pole so tread carefully or you’ll have the Indian special forces on your back.” But it was too late as Jasbinder Dohal had already made that call and the Indian special forces were already watching Soone. 		    Chapter Three      Soone Juangumang?? Had yet to see the Indian special forces guy jasbinder Dohal had set upon him, but Sandy ?? had. The ex Canadian oil worker turned tourist policeman spotting the man from a far as he watched from a bar. Neither drinking or leaving with a girl when almost everyone else would have. Sandy saying, “looks like we may have company.” As he looked to the Asian man who to him stood out like a sore thumb with his tight military physique out of the corner of his eye. Soone neither looking up or around or anywhere other than where he’d been looking for the last couple of minutes, the detective with the Thai tourist police now back to putting the puzzle together with regard why ???? had ended up Tuesdays lunch serving to a bunch of sea creatures. The woman’s husband still back there in Vancouver Canada waiting for some news. The married couple having travelled to Thailand a year before and then having ‘troubles’ after. Now though he needed a little more conformation than a silicon breast before he officially delivered notifications of a death.       He had this fiancée from Belfast to worry about for the moment though, along with who ever Sandy had spotted watching them. But all he’d have to do was have his guy back at ???? with his own set of  special skills latch his computer onto whoever it was now watching them and have him follow the person all the way home and if he was lucky they’d get a clear couple of face shots so as if he needed it he’d have a name to boot. Lee Mills now saying, “you two pricks gonna let this other guy go or what?” And as far as Soone was concerned bar the possible repercussions this psychopathic Romeo would stir up, justice had been served. “because, from what I can see here is you doing nothing and thinking its over but I’d be lying if it was for me.”      Out of nowhere Sandy said.       “Why don’t you shut up you stupid cunt and fuck off back to England.”       And ignoring his fellow officer, all Soone said was.       “Maybe where you are from its normal to allow vigilante justice, but here, its not. You need to leave, and I don’t mean Pattaya, I mean the country. While you can.”       Lee mills stared at them both for the moment. Who the fuck was this pansy in his tight shirt and trousers, and this fat cunt telling him what to do and where to go. The guy who’d probably fucked his girl and his side kick, sitting around doing nothing day after day whilst he got things sorted. Yes he’d arranged his girl some compensation and lade hands to one of the guys responsible, but true justice still had yet to be served.  He said,       “If you can find the time in your busy schedule to do your job – then let me know.” And with that he got up and left.       He wasn’t one to say much, but when Sandy ?? he did it was always blunt and to the point with a bone grating expletive thrown in for good measure. The Calgary born Canadian oil worker who’d arrived on a mission a year back and like so many found love and never returned. Soone meeting him in an investigation and finding the man’s unwavering dedication to right wrongs impressive. Hence the Canadian oil workers new found profession withing the tourist police.       They both watched the man go as he quickly disappeared, swallowed up into the endless crowd. Soone saying, that’s not the last we’ll be hearing of that fool. And he wasn’t wrong.                   			*****************            At eleven o’clock the next morning Soone pulled his small honda civic with its noisy engine and exhaust system up outside of the convenience store where the guy who supposedly delivered the bodies to the shark feeding boat made ice at its side. The man named Jen there nice and cool on a hot humid day surrounded by ninety gallon chests full to the brim with slush and separated ice cubes he’d had purposely made via osmosis filters. Soone getting straight to the point asking the man,       “You use the same ice you sell to keep those bodies fresh?”And he did, but he was never going to admit that. Not now anyway. The man saying straight back as he looked at the supped up car. 	“nice – what you got inside?” Soone saying straight back. 	“2JC.”?? Jen nodded, the man who made ice could appreciate that. A small light car with a six cylinder 3.0 engine ??? would go like a rocket. Closing the lid to the tub sitting directly in front of him. 	