THE DISCIPLES OF COONT

DRACULI





A Novel by

PAUL SLATTER





This book is entirely a work of fiction. References to real people alive or dead, events, establishments, organizations, or locales are for the intended purpose only to provide a sense of authenticity, and are used fictitiously. All other characters, and all incidents and dialogue, are drawn from the author’s imagination and are not to be construed as real.

TNCS - Publishing Edition

Copyright - 2024 by Paul Slatter - 1103027 B.C. Ltd.

Kindle Edition

ISBN: 9798861653817

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used, reproduced, transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, in any manner whatsoever without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles and reviews.

The publisher is not responsible for any websites, or contents of any websites, that are not owned by the publisher.

First Trade Edition:

1103027 B.C. Ltd.





For

Julie, Laura and Emma

Mirum Tribus Soroibus





Also by Paul Slatter

Burn

Rock Solid

Trust Me





I’m not frightened of dying

Anytime will do

Pink Floyd





Contents

CHAPTER ONE

CHAPTER TWO

CHAPTER THREE

CHAPTER FOUR

CHAPTER FIVE

CHAPTER SIX

CHAPTER SEVEN

CHAPTER EIGHT

CHAPTER NINE

CHAPTER TEN

CHAPTER ELEVEN

CHAPTER TWELVE

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

CHAPTER NINETEEN

CHAPTER TWENTY

CHAPTER TWENTY ONE

CHAPTER TWENTY TWO

CHAPTER TWENTY THREE

CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR

CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE

CHAPTER TWENTY SIX

CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN

CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT





CHAPTER ONE

The Coont slid the coffin lid away with his white, bony fingers until gravity took over, and he heard the heavy ironwood hit the dusty floor. The coffin lid landing next to the young Lupei boy’s body with a crash. Trying to sit up in one fluid motion the way he’d always liked to do, his back locked halfway as he strained. The vampire feeling the crack of his spine with the second attempt.

He looked around. The room looked different from when he had gone to sleep in the chamber deep below his castle. The old damp stone now flat and painted a creamy beige. He climbed out and unsteady on his feet, shook his cape out, and straightened his collar. His black eyes dry, his skin white and peeling. He called out for his slave, “Igor!” And waited.

But Igor wasn’t coming.

Taking a deep breath, the vampire tried again. The sound of his voice deep and rasping as he called out.

“Igor! Bringeth the blood of a virgin maiden. I needeth thine nectar.”

Then he waited and listened but heard nothing. No distant scurrying of his servant deep within a passageway hurrying on his way to answer his Master’s voice. He called again, this time so loud he felt the room itself shake. “Igorrrrrrrr!”

But no one came. Then he remembered his disciple queens, each one of them at his beck and call, who would always come rushing to his side whenever he felt the whim. Beautiful maidens whose eyes were black with teeth as sharp as their long nails. He called out to them all. “Crina, Doina, Esmeralda, Sorina ... Come to thy Master!”

Waiting again, he heard nothing.

He walked to the room’s door and tried the handle, only discovering it was locked. Not letting go, he ripped the lock from the frame in one swift shrug of his arm and walked out into a larger room that looked out onto a balcony. Sniffing the air for the scent of Igor, he looked around. The man wasn’t there - that was certain - but he had been a few months back. The man’s visits to check his master becoming more and more infrequent as the years had passed by. But now the Coont was out of the ironwood chamber his slave had confined him within, and for this, his slave’s punishment would be death.

He moved on to the glass sliding door which led to the small balcony and shattered its glass with the same ease it would have taken to flick the small catch down to pull it open properly.

Stepping out into the cool night air, the Coont looked about the place. His castle was different, square now instead of round as it had been before Igor had locked him away centuries before. The hill he used to live upon was also now gone. Before, he’d looked down upon the town. Now, it seemed as if he was within its walls and the mountains were far in the distance. Confusing, the Coont thought, as he pulled his tongue from the roof of his dry mouth. He was thirsty, no doubt about it. Before he found Igor and ripped the throat from this slave so full of deceit, he first needed to find a maiden and feed from her blood.

In one stride, he lifted his leg and placed it on the top edge of the balcony’s side barrier. Then, with a flap of his coat, he lifted himself and stood gracefully on the barrier’s top. I shall fly now, he thought, fly until oneself hath found the blood needeth to quench mine thirst. Then I shalt fly again and smell the air until I hath found the slave Igor, who had interned I for so long. Calling out to the world to let them know he was back, he bellowed,

“Mortals taketh heed. Thine Coont be amongest thou!”

Taking his cloak in his spiny fingers and sharp black nails, he held it away from his sides and leaped out into the air. Feeling the wind in his hair, the cloak hit his face as it lifted in the breeze and wrapped itself around his head. The balcony’s railing of the balcony on the tenth floor hitting him next, followed quickly by a branch from a tree near the fourth floor as he plummeted and spun to the ground below.

Hitting the slate grey sidewalk hard, the Coont lay still for a moment. Hiding under cover of his cloak, he waited until the air which had escaped from his lungs returned. Then he stood, rising up from below his black cloak until it fell and hung beside him.

Standing tall and strong, bathed in the night time streetlight, he looked around. The city looking different from the last time he’d been out and about, causing havoc. Flying low centuries before for fun in the night air. Back when the vampire had been in his prime. Buzzing and splitting the township mortals as they panicked beneath. But now though, there was no one around. Just strange buildings and lights and odd, noisy chariots that passed at speed. He moved on towards a pathway. Holding his cloak out to his sides, he began to run, flapping his cloak as he jumped into the air in a bid to take off.

Stopping as he rounded a corner, the Coont looked to a man who stood holding a small wolf to his side. Approaching him, he asked, “Mortal, whereth be the slave whoeth name of birth be Igor?”

The man stared at him, this ghoulish figure wandering alone in the night. The Coont carried on, “Show him to I, thou dark lord, and I will gifteth thee with the immortality the slave once hath.” The man stood there looking to him, unsure as to what this clown had just said. With a whisk of his arm, the Coont spoke again. “Mortal, why do thou standeth without fear?”

The man just stared, trying for the life of him to take in what stood before him. Who on earth was this fool? This theatrical creature with greasy, slicked-back hair, doing a bad job of trying to look like a vampire.

“What are you talking about?”

The Coont stood there trying his best to decipher the language the man who had befriended a wolf and showed no fear of him had replied with. He asked curiously, “Do thou feareth not I will taketh thou blood?” The man stood still, not bothering to answer this clown in his strange suit.

“Thou feeleth thine wolf hath strength enough to protect thou from the demon who cometh in darkness?” the Coont asked as he whipped his cloak around as he spoke for effect. He looked at the dog, who had only the day before run from a cat. He raised his bloodshot eyes once more to the mortal. Then in a blink of an eye, the dog sensed something wrong. He looked up to the demon his master now spoke with. Something changed deep within the animal’s being. A primeval awareness held inside that sensed the true evil that was before him. With a snarl and the hair on its back standing straight, the dog instinctively came at the Coont. The animal yanking the leash at the end of its Master’s arm, half choking itself as it strained, snapping its teeth and violently barking at the demon before it.

Jumping with fright and shock, the man let go of the leash, releasing the dog. Using all its power, the dog was on him. In an instant, the Coont’s own instincts came alive as he watched the dog run at him. Hearing the animal’s ferocious snarl and the scraping of its claws on the sidewalk as it approached. Then suddenly, crossing the short space between them in mere seconds, the dog was there. Stepping to one side, the Coont raised his right hand and brought it down sharply as the dog jumped towards his chest. His hand powerfully sweeping through, severing the dog’s head with his long blade-like fingernails in one fell swoop.

Empowered by the kill, the Coont slowly drifted up into the air and hovered only a few feet from the pathway where the dog lay still. He looked down to the man who now stood in disbelief. Calmly the Coont said,

“I needeth the blood a maiden shalt provide. For should I drink thou blood, stomach irritations cometh to oneself of dire consequence.”

Then he was off again drifting in the night, hovering above the bike lane that ran along the water’s edge. He sniffed at the night air that smelt different from any other he’d breathed before. Oil and sulfur, with the mix of humans’ breath. He could hear them all around him now, these mortals sleeping in giant monoliths that rose full of light from the stone floor. What was this place? the vampire wondered. This strange township touched by a lake where, so far, the townsfolk showed him no fear.

Floating high, he took the path above the trees and looked down into a small field. Below a young couple, sitting together on the grass, looked out across the water as they smoked from a large reed which they shared. The maiden young and virgin-like with her long golden hair. The boy slightly built, covering his eyes with his strange hat and wearing outlandish clothes of color that were loose and did not fit.

The Coont dropped down between the trees as he had so many times before when the mere sight of him would have created panic and the pointless heroics from a lover who knew his life was about to end, but did not care.

They stared at him as he floated there just a foot or so from the ground. The girl holding the joint and blowing rancid smoke towards the Coont. Its strange smell making his chest wheeze. Then, not closing her eyes with the slightest of blinks and without a look to her lover, she simply said the word.

“Wow?”

And it was a wow - a great, big, huge marijuana-loaded spliff, fresh and home-grown from a basement in Surrey, mixed with a tab of ecstasy. Wow!

The boy watched the Coont as he floated in all his old-world fifteenth-century glory. The vampire looking at him with eyes as bloodshot as his own eyes would be after a full night of DJ worship. The kid doing acid along with a barrel full of ecstasy until there was no bottled water left to spare and dawn came around. For the second time that night, the Coont asked,

“Doeth thy fear I not, mortal?”

As he held his hand out, pointing his blood-stained fingers at the boy, the boy saying straight back,

“You what?”

Without missing a beat, the Coont demanded as the wind rustled the leaves in the trees above.

“Taketh I toeth Igor!”

Then suddenly, purely without reason and running on instinct, the vampire struck, moving fast as he flew across the short grass. Reaching the boy, his talons ripped out the young man’s throat as he came to rest in front of the girl. Lifting his hand, he called to her,

“Cometh hither, young maiden.”

His dark eyes staring into hers, holding her to his spell. The girl looked back at him, meeting his gaze as black as coal. The girl feeling his power, need, and unspoken calling that radiated from within him. Slowly she came to him as she smelled the musty cloak that hung from his shoulders. Unconsciously she twisted her head, revealing her neck to him. Leaning down, the Coont placed his bony fingers upon the girl’s neck, sank his sharp white teeth into the young girl’s flesh, and drew her blood. The vampire tasting the iron, the marijuana, and the five tabs of ecstasy she’d done that afternoon which flooded her veins and mind.

He drank with the thirst of a demon who had not drunk in six hundred years. The drugs hitting home, just as they had hit the same young girl who hadn’t been bit on the neck as hard as this, since taking a ride in the back of a limo on prom night.

“Oh, behold what feeling cometh to I now, maiden!” said the Coont, as his head spun. He began to feel warm and cosy and in love with everything and anything about the mortal world he hated with a passion. The girl looking back at him, feeling no care for the blood running in two small streams from the incisor holes in her neck. Nor for the boy she’d now been in a relationship with since midnight, after he’d failed to roofie her properly and started chatting, nonetheless.

“Hey, you’re bleeding from your mouth?” the girl, who went by the name of Carol, said as she looked up at the vampire.

He was, but so was her boyfriend. The guy bleeding out behind her, the poor kid reaching out at something only he could see. With a smile, the Coont told her, “Your blood cometh to I with satisfaction great!”

Carol also liked it when her blood was just like it was right now, full to the brim with a cocktail of love and happiness that would make even a lifer in a Gulag glad to be alive.

The Coont still smiling as he watched her boyfriend breathe his last breath. The girl then saying, “You’re really beautiful.” The Coont was, at least in his eyes, beautiful in the way he moved, beautiful in the way he kept himself in style, and beautiful in the way he flew through the night in search of his prey. And now he had found just that, and it was exactly to his liking. A young and fresh maiden, with blood that made him feel better than he had ever felt before.

But where was he? the Coont thought as he looked to the girl. He said,

“Feareth not, for thou will behold I once more.” Then with a flap of his cloak, the Coont sailed up high through the trees into the night sky. Breathing in deep, he stopped, floating in the night air alongside a high-rise tower. He felt good. Wow, he felt good. But where on earth was he? He moved off, following the shoreline and headed towards the Lions Gate Bridge. Then like a bird floating on the breeze, he rose up and up. Rising parallel with the bridge’s turrets until he reached the top.

Landing on the bridge’s peak, he stood there feeling the cold wind in his perfectly groomed hair. Looking around he surveyed the city, with its tall towers and lights rising up from the earth.

Taking in a deep breath of air he had never smelled before through his nose, he called out, his voice bellowing once more into the night,

“Igor! ... Igoooor ... cometh to I, o servant!”





CHAPTER TWO

Igor stood on the balcony of his huge West Vancouver mansion. Holding his violin, he played along to a soft concerto recording drifting out through the open doors from his music center in the living room. The vampire’s voice, whom he knew so well, interrupting the melody as the Coont butted in again. The voice of his Master, who had given him immortality some six hundred years ago.

Goddamn it, Igor thought. What on earth had gone wrong? How had the Coont managed to escape? Putting down his violin, he walked back into the living room and picked out from a cabinet the Cuban cigar he’d been saving, lit it, and took a deep pull. He’d had him locked down tight in his coffin made from ironwood. The vampire tucked away, firmly secured in the basement of a small house near the water for the last one hundred and fifty-odd years.

Six months before though, he’d moved him. Stashing the Coont away in the bedroom of a condo he’d purchased while the small house by the water was being renovated.

Why, why, why, did I not just bring him here, put him in the cellar, and endure the inevitable constant goddamn moaning that came with it? Igor asked himself as he subconsciously felt the scars that ran across his face and neck. Scars that ran deep. Great warrior scars deservedly earned in the battles he had fought. Scars that made their way down the length of his body, spreading out viciously throughout his torso and limbs.

Taking the Cuban from his lips, he heard the Coont’s voice once again echo through the night air as he called out his name.

Well, the demon was out now, he thought, and he wasn’t going to stop. It was a double-edged sword. Ignore him, and the vampire could perish in the daylight - and himself shortly after. Or answer and deal with him again whilst he was out until he could find a way to lock him back down again. If the Coont would let him live, that is ... Taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes and knowing that this could very well be the last night he would have in this world, he called out,

“Yes, Master.”

************

The Coont was looking to the east and worrying about the sun as it came around, gently lighting the sky in the distance. Still standing upon the top of the Lions Gate Bridge, he drew a sigh of relief as he heard his servant’s voice. He looked towards the glittering lights running up the side of the mountains that swept down to the sea below. Then, he called back towards the source of his servant’s voice,

“Igor, moveth not - I command thou!”

Then with the front of his cape in either hand, he jumped again out into the night. Swooping as the air filled his vampire’s cape, gliding him away from the bridge as the cars passed below and down towards the inlet’s dark water.

************

Igor paced the length of the long balcony that gave an unsurpassed view of the bay and the tall suspension bridge from where his Master had just called him from. This was it, he thought, as he felt the panic begin to build within. It wasn’t good. The vampire was going to kill him for what he had done. There could be no escaping it.

Stopping, he looked up into the night sky as the figure of the vampire who had saved him from the horror of death and gifted him with eternal life glided in and landed sodden on the deck.

Before Igor could say a word, the Coont, in complete confusion, was there with him. The vampire smiling, high on ecstasy and unnaturally happy via the drugs that flowed within Carol’s succulent blood.

Pacing towards him along the mansion’s wooden deck and leaving a trail of water behind him, the Coont stared at the still unfamiliar surroundings. Reaching Igor, he smiled with delight, showing his fangs.

“Igor, friend, an earthly time I hath wait, where art thou? Open up mine place of rest, hath thou not?” the Coont asked as the overwhelming feeling of happiness and love the vampire felt shone through.

Not answering for the moment, Igor swallowed. How many centuries had it been since he’d seen this vampire’s face? The demon now right there next to him. The white skin and evil bloodshot black eyes of his Master as familiar to him now as they had been centuries before.

“Mine voice calleth for thou, Igor!”

Staying silent, Igor looked to the deck as the water dripped down upon it from the vampire’s cloak.

“Disturbed was I, whilst I rest slave, Lupei men who wisheth to destroy us cometh, Igor. I hath calleth thou, answer I though, thou not?”

The Coont stopped talking for a moment. He stared out across the long garden to the lights of the houses in the distance, and then further out across the bay. He looked back and focused on Igor’s’ face. He studied it for just a moment before saying, “Slave, in battle thou hath been?”

Igor nodded. He had indeed, centuries before, that is. Then he lied, saying, “Yes, they came for you, Master. Yet I did not let them pass. This is why you ...”

But the Coont could not care less as to what his slave had to say as his usual self-absorbed character broke through the chemicals. In instant dismissal, he quickly said,

“Where art thy castle? I findeth myself confused, slave. This lodging where I standeth be unfamiliar. These giant towers I see standing distant shed light without flame? I see chariots witheth flame also moveth like the wind, yet bare - no horses to propel?”

Staying uncomfortably silent, Igor shuffled in his soft leather loafers. The scars covering his face now hurting again for the first time in years. This wasn’t normal. Where was the Coont of yesteryear? The same vampire who, just on instinct, would take the life of a slave for the slightest wrongdoing.

Taking his time, the Coont stared at Igor’s feet first, then to his designer jeans and T-shirt with its wild horses’ motif running across his chest. Smiling he said, “Battle-scarred as a warrior ist thou slave, but thou dress as a jester. There are horses which run upon thou!”

And a warrior being exactly what Igor was, despite the nice comfy loafers and horses on his designer shirt. The man who, even before he was granted the inhuman strength immortality awarded him, had wielded a battle sword of such immense weight that a man of these times would barely be able to lift, let alone swing one-handed.

“You are wet, Master. How did you survive water?”

Shaking the water from his cloak, the Coont looked to his slave and smiled, almost ignoring the question.

“To sayeth the truth I hath found myself in water slave, yes. For though I findeth luck, I am still here. Mine heart feeleth as joyous as though I hath just slaughtered a village and drank the blood from a hundred virgin maidens, Igor, yet I have doneth neither.”

“Your thirst has been quenched, Master. This brings you happiness, maybe?”

“I hath drank the blood of a virgin maiden slave and severed the head of a wolf and the throat of a maiden’s protector, yes. Yet that is of little reason to bring to oneself this joy and exhilaration I feel.”

Joy? Igor thought as he looked at the Coont’s cloak dripping on his cedar deck. Happy was good, a lot better than the quick decapitation he’d been expecting, that was certain. The Coont was though now in unfamiliar territory, so maybe he was playing it out and waiting. Then the talons that had ripped through a thousand jugulars would start swinging. Keeping up his already jovial tone, he heard the Coont ask again,

“Where art thou, mine slave? For an eternity, I findeth oneself locked in mine new place of rest.”

And an eternity it had been, as after one night, centuries before, the Coont had returned from flying. The vampire feeling the atmosphere change as the new sun drew air currents that birds knew so well.

He’d reached his old castle sitting high and proud upon a hill. Where within he’d walked the darkened, damp passageways, to lie down within his chamber lined with gold. The vampire ready to hide himself away in the darkness, guarded by Igor, his cursed slave, while he slept.

Igor, who had once been mortal, was now stuck within the dark side forever. He had sworn to protect his demon Master from the few men or women with courage enough to come armed with swords and stakes, fervent on ending his reign of evil.

Igor standing strong centuries before. Back when the warrior had guarded his Master and his Master’s hoarded gold. Stacking it in piles around the coffin where he slept as the sun rose and touched the castle’s turrets. The vampire lord settling in and sleeping, day after day, year after year after, having flown and drank a virgin maidens’ blood.

Igor taking guard as the sun tried to penetrate through the castle’s stone. The slave serving his Master, standing loyal and dependable throughout, as he coveted the demon who trusted him and had given him immortality.

But then his time had come, and the new coffin had arrived.

“Ironwood,” he’d told his Master with delight as he’d followed the vampire’s flowing cloak through the tunnels beneath the castle. The Coont’s newest victims now changed into demon vampires themselves, clinging with their sharp-clawed fingers to the crevices and corners of the tunnels’ ceilings.

“From the South Pacific, your new place of rest cometh, Master. It will last you forever as it is as strong as iron and its inside warmer and more luxurious than you’ll have ever felt before.”

And it was warm and dry, smelling of saffron and coconut and passion fruit. Its inside fresh and clean. Gold coins lay scattered upon its lined cushioned silk interior. The silk as red as the fresh blood that dripped from the Master vampire’s lips as he’d laid down upon it to rest and sleep the day away.

That, though, now seemed like an age ago. For as much as the vampire had called and demanded his release, the ironwood coffin’s lid had remained closed.

So, this was it, Igor thought, as he took a deep breath. The vampire had been playing nice, but any second, he would change. His eyes would suddenly flash red, and he’d hiss and spit as the snarl of his fangs showed true. Then the Coont would be on him, and that would be that. With an awkward shuffle, Igor put his cigar down and said,

“You know it was for your own safety.”

“Why thy speaketh in this tongue so strange, slave? And where be mine castle? I need to sleep,” the Coont said. He stared Igor for a moment curiously before looking back towards the bridge and the beginning of dawn. Then he turned back.

“Before the light cometh and burn mine flesh! Taketh I toeth thy castle chamber wreathed in gold, so that I not becometh ash and thou die also a sudden mortal’s death.”

A sudden mortal’s death, Igor thought as he felt the chill run through his body. He watched the Coont parade about his deck as though he owned it. It was a good point and nicely put for once also. Igor certainly didn’t need sudden death, not now or any time for that matter. Having been though one once already, centuries before, and in the process he’d become completely terrified of it happening again. The Coont speaking the simple truth of the matter right there as he dripped water and stared confused at the window glass. The vampire again holding all the cards now that he was free.

The vampire saving Igor from the demons that came in death, gifting him immortality on the battlefield centuries before. The Coont leaning over the warrior’s dead body, spitting mouthfuls of blood and saliva into Igor’s mouth. Choking him with phlegm until he’d released the man from the demonic torture which awaited him and returned him to the world he knew.

The vampire had returned Igor’s life which he’d then owned. A life only the Coont could take away. Unless the Coont perished himself, that is, after which Igor’s shared fate would soon follow.

With a hand that gestured for the Coont to follow him inside the mansion, Igor said, “Follow me, my Master. I have prepared your place of rest.” Turning as they came inside, Igor carried on, “You look well, Master, the long sleep has done you justice.”

“Speaketh again thou hath in strange tongue, slave. Is it French thou speaketh with twisted words?”

They entered the mansion’s huge living room and walked through, reaching the bottom of the staircase which led down into the foyer. The Coont looked around at the two huge chandeliers which hung either side of the stairs and the strange pictures of women and landscapes which lined the walls as he walked across the marble floor. He turned to Igor and asked, “Thy maidens, their place of resting be within thine strangeth castle?”

“No, Master, they are not. They are women who have left this world.”

The women in the paintings now long gone, as were the starving artists who had carefully painted them with incredible skill. Hungry artists who in death had now become world-renowned masters only too happy in life to receive the gold coins the man with scars had bestowed upon them for their work centuries before.

“I thirst for thy virgins’ blood, slave. Bringeth thy maiden violinist from the orchestra that playeth now.”

Igor took another deep breath and listened to his music center as it still played the violin concerto he’d been listening to. He kept walking as he looked at the water dripping onto his mansion’s floor.

But there were no maidens playing in an orchestra close by or locked in the dungeon, crying whilst they laid upon a straw bed as there had been centuries before when the vampire had roamed free. Long gone were the days when the larder was full, and the Coont was feared yet accepted within the primitive society that lived within flying distance from the Coont’s castle. Back then, when Igor had built lairs and slept amongst nests full of the Coont’s blood-sucking disciples. Days where he could patiently wait for the sun to set before he knew they all would leave the castle upon the hill and sweep freely down to terrify and feed whilst the Coont sought out and took a maiden as he pleased.

They reached the other end of the large marble-floored foyer, passing a dark TV room. Seeing a large buxom lady upon the giant-size flat-screen TV against the wall, the Coont stopped.

“What be this witchcraft that thee performeth, slave?”

This was a tough one, Igor thought, as he cursed himself within for leaving a movie on. It was obvious - the longer he was up and about, the more questions he’d be asking. Before he could answer, the Coont made another demand.

“This maiden with suckling breast I see, bringeth her now!”

“I will find one soon, Master,” Igor said as he bowed his head and gestured towards the garage door. They entered, Igor leading, the Coont following majestically even though he was still wet.

The garage was large with a top-of-the-line black Mercedes sitting to one side and a gold-colored Tesla SUV with a roof rack and black roof box attached in the center.

“Here, not a maiden do I smell, slave?” said the Coont as he stared in awe at the two cars and the long coffin-like roof box on the top of the SUV.

“My place of sleep rises from thou earth now upon this plinth of gold, slave?”

“Yes, Master,” Igor replied.

“My gold, I find it hereth, now?”

“Yes, Master,” Igor replied, lying. The Coont walked over and trailed his hand along the Tesla’s wing and hood. Looking at the wheels, he turned to Igor.

“For what reason the plinth holds wheels upon this ground, slave?”

“Escape, Master. I fear the Lupei may cometh again,” answered Igor in a language that he had long forgotten. The Coont nodded. He got it now. There was a reason he’d picked this slave up off the land as he’d lay tormented in death and given him immortality. It was not only for his loyalty and fighting skills but for his cunning also. This cunning served him well when the villagers and the Lupei family had come in angry determination carrying stakes.

With a swoop of his wet cloak, the Coont rose up and landed, unknowingly denting the hood of the Tesla with his weight. Touching the roof box, he prodded and poked at its sides. Speaking without looking to Igor, he said, “Toucheth such fiber I have yet to, slave, of what substance be this place thou wisheth I to rest?”

“Gold, Master,” Igor answered, lying.

Igor walked to the side of the SUV and, with his large frame, reached up and undid the side catches to the car’s roof box. Reaching inside, he pulled out his skis and boots and put them on the floor. Looking down, the Coont stared at them in confusion and then back to the inside of the roof box.

“Of what strangeth tools does thou keep in mine place of sleep, slave?”

“They are for you, Master.”

“Shoes I am not of need, slave.” The Coont then looked to the inside of the car roof box again, its strange, molded plastic inside empty and ribbed for strength.

“Mine silk and coinage of gold, slave, where be eth?”

“It’s in your old one, Master. Come sleep now, I will bring it to you.”

The Coont looked about, the fluorescent strip only yards from his face, burning brightly, wrapping him in artificial daylight. Closing his eyes and frowning, he said, “Thy sun hath toucheth mine face, but doth not burn, slave?”

“It is a lamp, Master.”

“No flame smoke for a lamp? For where art thee flame, it is not for mine eye to behold?”

Igor stepped forward and with a smile gestured his hand to the inside of the plastic roof box.

“Sleep, Master. You are tired.”

He was tired. The Coont could not deny that, even if he had been asleep for six hundred years. The flying had exhausted him, as had hitting the ocean, luckily doing the impossible and rising back out and up in a wet cloak. But he’d done it, and he’d found Igor, good old dependable slave, Igor. The warrior he’d saved from death after a short mortal life full of disease and hardship.

The coffin didn’t look comfortable with its ridges and shining silver, but it would be good to lay down. Turning, he looked back to Igor.

“Virgin maidens of two I will hath upon awakening, slave. I commandeth thee!”

And Igor nodded obediently as he had so many times, many, many, years before and lied, “Yes, Master; two virgin maidens will be waiting.”





CHAPTER THREE

Igor waited until the Coont had climbed into the roof box and settled before he closed the lid and locked it down firmly. He stepped back and looked at the water from the vampire’s cloak pooled in the new dent on the hood of the Tesla. Well, going skiing in the morning was now out the window, he thought as he stared for what seemed an age at the coffin-like roof box that now held the vampire who had given him eternal life. If you can call living amongst evil and bowing to the vampire’s every whim while he was free, a life that is.

But what a life it had been since he’d had the ironwood coffin made. Igor, clamping down the lid of the new coffin so tight, the way he had all those centuries ago, so as the freak could not escape. The Coont settling down to sleep in the pitch-black darkness, all comfy and warm. The vampire completely naïve to the fact that he wouldn’t be getting back out anytime soon.

Then for months after, in the daylight hours, Igor had walked the cold, damp tunnels and catacombs of the Coont’s castle, the warrior armed with his long sword at his side and a satchel full of stakes. Stakes purposely cut from the same ironwood he’d purchased from the carpenters and had delivered along with his Master’s gift of a newly made casket.

Feeling the water drip from the stone above, landing across his face and down his neck, Igor had hunted within the lairs. Lairs full of the Coont’s victims whom the vampire had preyed on. Sucking their blood, drinking the life away from those he’d picked. Humans who had once been free and beautiful. Mortals turned into disciples by the Coont or any of the vampire disciples the Coont had himself created, who in turn carried on the cycle of evil.

Disciples who had lived back then. Hiding in the darkness of the Coont’s castle’s tunnels in their cursed afterlife. Vampires now themselves with their white skin and eyes as red as the blood they spilled.

Demons that hung or lay flat against the damp, stone-clad ceiling or tucked deep in hidden crevices. Fiends that came at Igor with fury, biting and clawing him as he’d plucked them from crevices with his sword. Bloodthirsty vampires that attacked, before he’d wrestled them to the ground and staked their now black hearts. Vampires he’d fought and dragged one by one, day by day, month by month, kicking and screaming out into the sun, so as he could watch them perish to ash.

The villagers who lived close to the castle hearing the vampires’ screams as Igor removed them from their world. This warrior who had once lived amongst them and had fought side by side with them in battle. This warrior whom they had seen brought down and killed by a child on the battleground now alive again and killing the demons he now lived amongst.

Then, as the screams of the young maidens and men who had lost their chance at life died away, Igor had sat alone. Alone in a castle with its high turret that lay upon the hill. Hearing only the happiness below and the muffled voices as he would pass through villages for food.

All who lived there, young and old, knowing who he was and how he had been their savior. All grateful for this and allowing him passage. Igor the warrior, big and strong, disfigured from his battles against evil, sitting alone at the helm of the Master vampire’s carriage he now steered.

The man with the scars watching the crowds and the Lupei family as they stood amongst those who waved and smiled. The Lupei family still out to take the Coont’s life, despite knowing what the man with scars had done for them. This man, who now sat alone.

And so they came, reaching the castle at the top of the hill, carrying their stakes and their swords. The Lupei family vehement in their desire to sacrifice Igor’s life as they pierced the sleeping Coont’s cold black heart and turned him to ash.

But Igor stood strong as a warrior, large and brave. The man with scars holding his sword, which he’d use to take these brave villagers down. Young men sent from within a family who refused to accept the compromise of imprisoned evil which Igor now offered. The Lupei family only wishing to rid the world of the Coont and the evil he represented.

And there, Igor had sat alone in his castle at the top of the hill as the years passed. Playing his violin and watching young men grow old and die. The Lupei family becoming larger as brothers married sisters, and as these new families grew, the attacks against the man who could not die became stronger.

Then as the months turned into years, decades became centuries, the truth about the man who played violin and lived alone turned to myth and legend.

************

As the world changed and opened up, Igor decided it was time for him to join it. With the Coont still locked away and closely hidden by his side, Igor set sail for a far-off world.

Moving with the Coont secured in his ironwood coffin at the center of a carriage and his bars of gold hidden in chests surrounding him, Igor passed through lands. Knowing that anyone who came too close would feel the evil that lay within. The man staying briefly in cities he’d only heard of years before by name.

The man who was now cursed with immortality moving slowly towards the ocean and crossing it without fear. The man with the scars travelling onwards to a place where he could then walk free. Free from the past, free from the Lupei family who still came for the Master vampire he protected with relentless passion.

************

He settled at the bottom slopes of the coastal mountains that swept down from the clouds. A then remote district. A long way and across the water from the new bustling city emerging in Vancouver, Canada. Ten gold bars were more than enough to purchase the land and construct the mansion he now called home.

And there he sat in his mansion which reached up out from the forest with its large balcony. A home just far enough away from the small cottage on the water Igor had also built, wherein its deep basement he’d secretly housed the Coont.

There Igor had lived on the side of the mountain overlooking the water. Playing his violin to the trees and the snows that came and surrounded him in the wintertime. His only fear being the bears and mountain lions that inhabited the land he now owned.

The twentieth century came as so many before had, and soon a bridge came with it. A bridge that opened the land of West Vancouver to the people who wanted more than the holiday cottages that lined the beach.

Slowly, the bears and mountain lions moved further up the mountain and away from Igor’s secluded tranquility as civilization began to encroach and wake the Coont from his long, long sleep.

“Igor, slave, Igor,” the Coont would call out from the depths of the cottage by the water.

Igor hearing his Master’s anger, his frustration, and his thirst. The ironwood holding strong as the vampire kicked and pushed until he gave up and would sleep again. Slowly more houses and streets rose up from the land. Trees that had stood tall and proud were cut, falling to this earth to be dragged away to the ocean.

Families came next as the years wound on and their relatives grew. One school became two and then three and onwards as two wars came and went, and another century passed.

Then six months ago, by chance, as Igor played the Stradivarius he had bought centuries before, his talent had been discovered. A school mistress hearing a violin played like she had never heard it before, as Igor had stood alone one evening on a beach playing to the stars.

“Come play at the school,” she’d asked. “Come play at our beautiful hall.”

After much cajoling, Igor had succumbed and agreed to appear at the school with its small concert hall, where he would play quietly, while a select few listened. The same local school music hall which had been paid for years before by a man covered in scars who had lived for centuries. A place where Igor had himself sat as the students played their music, and parents sat in awe as they listened, while bored siblings fidgeted.

A place where Igor would now soon play himself as he worked his ancient violin to the small crowd in a harmony no one had ever heard before.





CHAPTER FOUR

Sorin Lupei sat upon the bed of the shitty motel room on the east side of Vancouver as his cousin Cristi paced from one side of the room to the other. Both boys in shock from what had just happened. Their cousin Philippe now missing after telling them he’d followed the man with scars to an empty condo on the other side of town which housed an ancient ironwood coffin.

The young man, in doing so, possibly having just won his place of recognition on the Lupei family tree.

The two boys now in silence, ignoring their phones. Both inwardly shaking and rueing the fact they had been born into an ancient family who pestered them now. A family with a custom of attempting to hunt down and kill a silent demon and his slave. An evil - who, until recently, had seemed little more than folklore.

The Lupei family hunting for centuries. Roaming the cities of Europe armed with swords and stakes. Following bullshit leads of sightings of the man with the scars or the Coont in his cape. Just as the boys were now. Except, this time around they had actually found him, and one of them was possibly dead.

It had all started with a chance encounter - an internet site showing stolen footage of a great violinist playing to a select few in a school concert hall. The Lupei family now drawn together with delight in knowing that they had once again found the man with scars.

The excitement spreading as one family member had called the other, quickly sending word across all of Romania, until the last to know were the boys who had been hand-picked to go and hunt the man down.

Sorin Lupei sat at the end of the bed and stared at the silverfish as they skirted around on the carpet that smelled. For the last few years, he’d been half expecting to be sent off on some wild-goose chase to some fancy European city in the hunt for the Coont and his slave. The truth was, though, he had been hoping it would have been London or Paris or somewhere he could hang out and feel cool. Just as some of his uncles had back in their prime and now bragged about.

He looked again to the centuries-old photographed painted picture of Igor. The man standing tall and proud, holding his long sword in his hand without the scars that now covered his body. Months before, he’d died in battle, only to be then resurrected like Jesus.

Placing the picture at the bottom of the pile, Sorin looked at the next picture, entitled, Champs-Elysées — 1847. The now faded photograph showing Igor playing his violin as he stood in a crowd in Paris by the Arc de Triomphe. The lined scars visible across his face, his clothes of the finest quality for the era.

Placing it on the bed, Sorin looked to the next, showing the man in London, entitled, Serpentine 1848. The man with scars playing his violin by the lake. He flipped to the next, this time the same man now in Vancouver nearly two hundred years later, playing his violin in a school. The man’s face with the same scars as identifiable as a thumb print and not showing a single sign of aging. Looking to him, Cristi said,

“Why’d you keep looking at them? You know it’s him.”

But Sorin couldn’t help himself. Just a week ago, he had been sitting with his cousin Philippe in a café near his home in the outskirts of Borsa, Romania. Sorin with one hand on the thigh of a young lady and the other on his designer coffee. His only concern being whether he’d be able to get lucky.

Then the uncles had arrived with the news. Bursting in and ruining the romance. Pissing off Philippe with their cheesy exaggerated smiles and laughter. Telling them both how they were about to make the family proud. Boasting loudly so that all the café could hear how he, Philippe, and some cousin named Cristi, they’d yet to meet from Bucharest, were going to track down and kill this ‘vampire demon’ and his slave. But now Philippe was missing.

“The monster has been found. He is in Canada; he is a violinist now, Sorin,” his uncles had told him as they’d sat in the café at the side of the mountain. Excitedly poking him with their hands and hitting him with spittle as they spoke and for once ignoring the girl.

But Sorin had stopped listening, the kid now wondering where the hell Vancouver was. Philippe, sitting with him, doing much the same. The straight A’s student, who was now missing, all embarrassed as he looked out of the window. Closing his eyes one second and opening them the next as his uncles rattled on and on loudly with bravado. Telling the world and anyone else who would listen as to how they would slay this Master vampire. Even though they were to have little else to do with the family mission other than shooting off their mouths back then, and bombarding the boys now with their phone calls.

Fuck it, we should just go home. Let those pricks come deal with it, Sorin thought, as he sat there inside the stinking motel room on a sticky bed. He stared at his phone as it vibrated.

Letting out a deep breath once the phone went quiet, he looked up at his remaining cousin, who didn’t seem to give a care. The guy making Sorin feel like a farmhand, standing there in his trendy snakeskin shoes and tight jeans. His hair slicked back in perfect tramlines, full of the shiny oil product Sorin had seen when he’d nosed through his bag. Taking command, Sorin said,

“We should just go back.”

But this cousin Cristi with his perfect hair, wasn’t going anywhere. Shaking his head, Cristi Lupei looked to Sorin.

“Go, and when you are home, you can listen to our uncles for the rest of your life tell you what they would have done.”

Sorin turned his head back to the floor and looked at the silverfish. The small, skinny insects with little legs and big antennae. Seemingly slow until Sorin tried to stamp the life out of them.

His cousin Cristi was right. If he went home now, he’d be called ‘Sorin the coward’ or ‘Sorin the vampire runner.’ Some bullshit like that, which he’d have to wear for eternity. Even though the closest the men who’d be calling him that had ever came to Coont Draculi and his slave were the pictures he now held in his hand.

“And don’t forget about the gold,” Cristi then said as he stared purposefully at Sorin.

Yes, the gold, Sorin thought. It was another part of the big myth he’d listened to by the fire as a child.

“If there is any, that is.”

But there was gold, and Cristi knew it only too well. As his side of the family had been living off it for centuries.





CHAPTER FIVE

There had been a few things Igor had learned to do and learned to do well since he’d arrived in Vancouver, and skiing was one of them. His mansion was built at the foot of British Columbia’s coastal mountains. So, he had not had to wait long before a small ski hill had been developed.

With the wooden skis the newly arriving Europeans bought with them strapped to his feet, and his strength and inability to die, Igor had quickly mastered the sport. The winters and the ample snow that came, giving good reason for the man with scars to get away from the whining of his Master, locked within his ironwood tomb.

Soon, small tow ropes grew larger and evolved into chairlifts and gondolas, giving much pleasure to the man with the scars. A man who could ski menacing terrain freely, knowing he could only die at the hands of the vampire who had given him immortality.

The car taking him to the bottom of the slopes changing as quickly as the hills themselves changed. The skis also changing as time wore on, helping the humans carve deep into the snow or ice as they wound themselves down the mountainside.

Skis carried up the mountainside stuffed into the back of cars or into tidy, nicely designed roof boxes. Boxes shaped by über-hip techno guys in Sweden, such as the coffin-shaped one the Coont was now contained within, sealed in the darkness, upon the top of Igor’s newly bought gold colored electric car.

Sealed ... except for a minute, tiny little hole, courtesy of a steel ball bearing. Released weeks before, from a pompous real estate broker’s hand. A hand that had contained many other ball bearings he’d thrown as he drove himself down the winding road that dropped away from the freezing level above.

The man who liked to name his dick, digging into his little supply of deadly ammo he kept in a box at the side of his seat. Taking ball bearings, a handful at a time and launching them in the direction of any car he felt had disrespected him. Propelling them from inside his fist via the sunroof or side window of his Mercedes, which he’d open despite the cold and rain. Whipping them out at just the right time like small shinning missiles. Missiles that would bounce once or twice on the tarmac before hitting their mark in the windshield if he was lucky or leave their mark in the paintwork, gifted from a man who should have known better.

The ball bearing smacking the front of Igor’s roof box with the same ferocity as the stone a young man named David once used to take down his foe. The same year, the Coont had also come kicking and screaming into this world.

The vampire felt the early morning sun as it began to bake the plastic of the roof box he lay within. The Coont rocking from side to side, as Igor drove his electric chariot of gold back down the hill towards the small cottage set alone in its own grounds by the water.

The cottage where the Coont had laid hidden away from the world. A small dwelling made from stone, with its basement dug deep into the cold granite to hide the evil that slept within. A place where no birds flew, and no animals roamed. A home that radiated evil, which children spoke of in whispers and whose bravest never found the courage to venture near.

A home purposely separated, acres apart from any neighbors. Far away from those who needed sugar or felt a yearning to inquire about the endless space they would love to own, which in the future they could exploit.

The Coont feeling sick for the first time in his life as the ecstasy and cocaine-riddled blood filled his stomach. The sun piercing through the tiny ball bearing chipped hole at the foot of the top box like a laser.

And like a laser it came, moving in one direction and then the other as Igor weaved his way down the hill towards the water. The car swerving along the tight, narrow backroad as he twisted from left to right and back again. The Coont staring through what tight space he had to the sunlight that burnt his bloodshot beady eyes with its glare. The vampire, who had been stuck in a ironwood coffin for nearly six hundred years, once again trapped inside another. This time built from composite plastic by children in China.

The pinhole laser beam switching directions as quickly as the Coont could move his feet in his leather shoes which seemed to never grow old. And then, just as the Coont felt he was safe as the chariot of gold drove under the shadow of a huge maple, the tiny speck of sunlight appeared again. God’s own natural laser beam, bursting through and piercing an instant hole straight through the top of the Coont’s foot. The sunlight slicing through the shoe and severing the toes of his right foot straight from his ancient body.

Igor hit Marine Drive and had his arm out of the window when he first heard the Coont’s cries and smelled the familiar stench of smoke which came from a vampire’s burning flesh.

Oh shit, the lid’s opened, was Igor’s first thought, as he wondered how long it would take before the demons came for him again, if the Coont was, in fact, dying. But no, the Coont was still screaming at the top of his voice. Igor leant his large frame out of the side window of the Tesla. Smoke seemed to be rising in a straight line out of a small hole at the front of the box. Getting out quickly, he moved to the front of the car and put his finger on the hole. Then lying, he said through the plastic,

“Quiet now, Master, they are around us. The Lupei have attacked you again. I have repelled them. Lie still, Master and wait. You will be safe soon.”

Reaching the long driveway of the land, which was now worth tens of millions. They took the dirt track which led to the stone cottage that lay alone, close to the water’s edge. Igor hit the remote control for the garage and waited. Then watched the large metal door as it clunked away from the ground, sliding itself up along the garage’s roof before slipping the Tesla inside.

Getting out, Igor waited as the large door closed back down, sealing out the outside light. He unlatched the top box and took a deep breath, waiting for the barrage of abuse that he knew was about to follow.

Seconds later, with an angry flap of his cape, the Coot was out of the makeshift plastic coffin. The vampire landing on one foot in the darkness next to the car. Screaming, as he scolded Igor in a fashion that would have left Elton John on a bad hair day seem as shy as a choir boy.

Looking to his smoking ash-covered foot, he shrieked,

“Igor, thou fool. Mine foot hath been taken!”

Looking to the small hole in the top box, Igor quickly said, “The Lupei, they have a laser, Master. Be thankful you are safe.”

The Coont stood for a moment staring at his smoking foot. Looking up at the slave who was speaking in a foreign language, he said.

“Thy speaketh to I with unfamiliar tongue, Igor. Why?”

“The Lupei, they tried to burn you, Master. I saved you. We both live.”

The Coont looked back to his foot. “Mine toes, they will have rebirth. It is not of consequence. Until then, though, myself shall haveth trouble treading this earth when movement is necessary.”

“Indeed, Master. I will find you footwear that becomes a prince with stature that is yours alone.”

The Coont said nothing. The vampire standing there, just staring at his foot. His red bloodshot eyes in stark contrast against his pasty white skin. Then, taking in the musty air from the garage, the Coont shouted,

“Bringeth thy Lupei alive, I shalt destroy them, torment their souls an eternity. Feast upon their blood, shalt I forever after.” Then the Coont stood still again for a moment, seemingly contemplating his smoldering foot. Taking a deep breath as he made a decision, he shouted,

“But firstly, deliver thy Master three virgin maidens for lust of thirst I hath. Bathe shalt I in their blood, as they surrender their being to thine Master.” Looking to the vampire, Igor simply replied, “There is no bath here. The cottage only has a shower, Master.”

The Coont stared at his slave, this man whom he’d pulled from death in defeat and given life back to his tortured soul, now speaking with a strange tongue. With his foot still burning, he snapped,

“What be the words thou use, slave?”

“Thou cannot bathe in maidens’ blood now, Master. I can thou offer the blood of a sow, or bovine, or a goat?” And as the words hit upon the Coont’s ears and despite missing half of his right foot, the vampire was on him with an eruption of violence that Igor had long since forgotten.

“Defy I not, slave! Maidens bringeth! The feast of a maiden’s blood is of need!”

And maidens were exactly what he was going to get.





CHAPTER SIX

Exactly where the vampire was going to find his maidens these days, Igor was not one hundred percent sure. The days of the Coont swooping down and landing gracefully in front of a young maiden while they wandered home at night was now, without a doubt, the wrong way to go. Yes, the Coont had liked to hunt and to seduce his prey centuries before, but that was more sport. His bread and butter, so to speak, were the women Igor had brought to the castle either unwittingly or simply kidnapped.

This, though, always caused issues with the locals, and ultimately even more fallout in the castle from the women once they had been drained of blood and became vampire disciples themselves. Once this happened, they too would need feeding as they inevitability filled the holes and crevices hacked away into the tunnels that wound below the castle like a rabbits’ warren loaded with death.

Now the Coont was out again. Popping into the supermarket and plucking a maiden off the cashier’s till, would certainly be out of the question for Igor. Unless he could get the Coont locked back in again. He had though already feasted, it seemed and in this feasting, the cycle would inevitably start all over again. For soon, that person would themselves turn and come looking for their Master as they never failed to do.

Pulling two large plastic cooler boxes from the top of a cupboard, Igor then, unclipped the top box with the hole at the top from the car’s roof. He placed it on top of the cooler boxes on the floor at the Coont’s feet and opened it. Gesturing to the Coont with his right hand, Igor said,

“Sleep now, Master.”

The Coont stared at him, his dark eyes inset to his bony features. His hair black and swept back as though an army of stylists had just come through and singled out each strand with precision. His cape, now dry and smooth again as though it had just been itself weaved from the finest silk. His trousers stopping perfectly just above his shoe that now only housed half a foot.

“How caneth I rest slave when thou hath alloweth mine foot to perish by rays of sunlight?”

“It will grow back, Master, fear not. But it cannot grow if you do not sleep.”

Looking down at the roof box and then around the garage made dark by its blackened windows, the Coont asked,

“Where art mine gold, slave? Where art mine silk? Sleep cannot be found within!”

“I will retrieve your true casket, Master, and you can rest.”

“I hath no foot slave! Howeth can I rest knowing the ability to stand hath been taken?”

Igor looked around, spotting a pair of big black steel-toed wellies he’d used years ago to clean the front of the home after a storm had messed up the yard.

“We live in different times now, Master. The sun has given benefit to you. You will find these boots to a fashion you will be more comfortable with. Many other demons are wearing them these days. You will be in great favor with the princesses of the night.”

This was good news, the Coont thought if he was correct in deciphering the strange language this oaf of a man was saying. He had friends here.

“Thy speak of demons, slave. Of whom do thy talk? Will I feast again with Princesses Lamia and Lilith?” He would not. Igor had already killed the Princesses Lamia and Lilith himself, along with most of the other vampires who were in the Coont’s social circle and had come calling.

These vampire demons of the night appearing uninvited at the castle. Riding within their black chariots of death up to the gates only for the demon and their followers to be met with decapitation or a stake to the heart.

Igor, with his sword, dispatching them from this world. Then, taking the same demon’s carriage led by its horses of black, he’d ride out to the castle they themselves called home to rid the world of the countless undead that lay within the castle’s walls. Collecting scars like trophies as he fought with his sword and stakes as the demons came until none were left. Then, and only then, with his own flesh ripped and torn, would Igor begin to haul away the treasures within.

The man with scars passing freely through the open countryside and towns as he rode back to the Coont’s own castle where he now lay imprisoned. Any highwaymen or opportunist thieves who would normally see fit to remove Igor of his treasured haul standing down. For they knew the reputation of the man at the reins of any blackened chariot of death.

“I fear not, Master, for thou are the last. Time has though passed many moons whilst thou have been hiding, and many stronger demons now come in mortal form also.”

This intrigued the Coont, this Master vampire who dealt out fear but feared no other thing in return except daylight. He said, “I fear thou mind has becometh weak, slave. Howeth can a mortal be more feared than I?”

“There are mortals who work their evil alone and others who control or shield themselves behind God himself, Master. There is also sickness and viruses that behold mankind like none you have ever known, Master.”

Scoffing, the Coont smiled. “Thou memory be short, slave. Superior beings pay small consequence to thou Black Death.”

“No, Master, there are deeper and stronger enemies now. Mortals beset with unimaginable evil walk amongst us, unafraid of the light of day. There is disease and plague also. There are those that come to you through the blood called HIV while others called Covid-19 follow the air and hide waiting to strike in plain sight.”

That explained a lot, thought the Coont. It had been troubling why no one was afraid of him as he’d approached them with his usual majesty. Mortal demons? Who were these people, and did they drink the blood, sucking the power from their fellow man? It was interesting. But there could only be one king, and the king was back, even if half his right foot was missing.

With one eyebrow raised, he said, “I will sleep now, slave. In that time, bringeth I the heads of thine mortal demons named Ahc Eye Vee and Co Veed that now spread fear, so as they can rot in mine presence.”

“Yes, Master, I will go hunt them now,” answered Igor, not bothering to elaborate.

He watched as the Coont swang his arm at him and commanded, “And bringeth I a virgin maiden for when the sun has ceased.”

“Yes, Master.”

Then looking to the garage door, Igor quickly said,

“Master, the door can open. If it does, you will perish in the sun. Into your coffin quickly, I will wake you at dusk.”

With the plastic roof box firmly wound tight and sealed with duct tape, Igor took off again. This time alone, as he drove along his highly coveted driveway that was worth millions.

He had a big problem. It wasn’t good. The Coont was back. He needed to get him comfortably settled again into the ironwood coffin so as he could get back to the easy life and his violin. He needed a maiden - and a virgin maiden at that. Someone for the Coont to not only feed from, but a maiden the Coont could seduce also in the process. But with that came death, and death was something he’d avoided for so long now it did not seem right.

Yes, he was correct about there being more evil men out there now than the Coont. Finding one of these types though and coaxing the prick along with his bag of fentanyl-laced smack over to West Vancouver for dinner would only upset the Coont further.

He pulled the Tesla onto Marine Drive and kept going, passing the shopping center and the virgin maidens in abundance within and hit the bridge. Five minutes later, he was downtown, sitting on the corner of Main and Hastings on the east side.

What the hell was he doing here? he thought. He looked out across and along the road to the sadness of humanity that lay before him. The homeless and forgotten lined the road. The drugged-out lost in their own tattered world, wandering back and forth tormented by visions that only belonged to them. Yes, he honestly could drag one of the verminous drug dealers who fed off them from an alley. But as he already knew, what could be possibly gained from presenting the Coont with some ghastly being, when a virgin maiden was supposed to be on the menu?

Then he saw her, and it was as if she’d been sent to him by God himself. A female drug dealer. The woman standing in amongst the others at the edge of an alley lined with needles and shit. The woman fitting in well amongst the rest of the parasites who frequented this area full of lowlifes, junkies and sadness. Feeding themselves with poison as they slowly drained the life from their bodies, day by day and night by night.

Igor parked the Tesla and took a walk. The residents calling out with words only they could understand. The shit and litter strewn across the already filthy sidewalk. The ambulances in full use, draining the budgets of an already stretched system, parked at either side of the road. The place was a mess. It really wasn’t a bad solution to the situation that had arisen after these members of the Lupei family had somehow found them again and opened the hornets’ nest.

A woman who knowingly sold fentanyl-laced death on the streets, enabling the fallen without a thought for those that needed help, deserved nothing more than a meet and greet with what possibly was the world’s last surviving vampire. The Coont being just the right person to turn the tables. To seduce her, then feast off her. Then once he was done and her blood was drained and black blood ran through her veins, Igor would produce his stake of ironwood and ram it through her heart as the Coont slept. If he was lucky, the whole process could be sorted within a couple of days. As long as he could keep the Coont at home and the woman who lived off selling death around long enough to keep the Coont happy, that is.

************

It was almost an hour of dodging meth heads before Igor maneuvered himself into the position of propositioning this woman who’d spent her day standing in a piss-stained alley she could no longer smell. Her battle-weary eyes, which had been watching him for a while, unnerved as he approached. The woman asking, as she now saw the man’s scars in close up,

“What you want?”

“You,” replied Igor without a moment’s hesitation.

“It’s fifteen for a blowy, but you’ll need to shoot quick as I’m busy.” Igor smiled; he wasn’t there for that. The woman sizing him up quicker than he could have imagined, saying straight back,

“Well then, I don’t sell for Russians. I already got a boss. So, fuck off with your fucked-up face quick before they see you.”

“I’m not here for either,” Igor replied, taking the woman’s brashness in his stride. “Like I said, I’m here for you. I have a friend who you’d like,” answered Igor with a smile as he stood on the dirty gravel.

“I sell blow and give blowies - pussy is two blocks down.”

And it was, the whole place in chaos, but everyone knew their place.

“My friend, the Coont, wishes to dine with you. Would you be interested?”

The woman standing there in her jeans and shoes with scuffed three-inch heels. Liking the fact that someone wanted to take her out, even though her rear molars had long rotted out from constant puking after meals throughout her teens. The rest long gone from smoking crack through a pipe as she’d drifted onwards through life. She asked,

“The who?”

“The Coont.”

Then it hit her. The man, she thought, was obviously Eastern European and was talking about a Count. “Do I know him?” she asked out of sheer curiosity.

“You will have undoubtedly heard of him, yes. He is handsome, and he is rich, and he wants a virgin damsel to dine with this evening. I have searched for hours, and you are a rarity. A damsel of pure beauty.”

Well, go talk to my uncle about the virgin part! the woman thought, as the memory of the man fucking her in his bathroom when she was 14 raced through her mind. The man stinking of cigarettes and beer, saying, ‘Yeah, you want it, bitch!’ as he held her down by her hair over the sink. But beauty, yeah, it had been said.

“Your name, what is your name?” asked Igor in the strong Romanian accent he’d never been able to lose despite the years. Looking back along the road to see if his car was still there. He heard the woman say,

“Josephine.”

Igor smiled.

“Josephine, I am Igor, the servant of the Coont. He requests that you dine with him this evening. And for this, I will pay you in gold.”

And with this, Igor pulled a coin of solid gold from his pocket and without a thought, placed it gently into her hand.

Josephine, the young woman who wore jeans and scuffed heels and whose teeth had rotted out, had not long changed professions. The woman now finding selling crack and whatever else she could get her hands on in little bags earned her more than she used to earn from using what was left of her looks to get paid for sucking dick with her teeth out. Selling bags of poison for $20 a pop was a better return than the $15 she’d receive for spitting out a mouthful of protein. Sometimes though, if she got lucky, she’d pull in both for the full $35.

Josephine stared at the gold coin and felt its weight in her hand. It certainly felt like gold, and it looked like gold, but something was wrong. If it was real, why her, and why this much money? Why wasn’t this guy just cruising Yaletown or Coal Harbor where girls had dental plans? But maybe that was it, maybe word was out, and the steady following she’d picked up over the last year or five was spreading further afield than the downtown east side. After all, even if she had been plying her trade in the alleys and piss-stinking doorways, for as long as she could remember, she had heard herself referred to as the blowjob queen of Vancouver on more than one occasion.

Putting the gold coin into her pocket just in case, she looked around to see if this guy was costing her trade. Unconsciously running her fingers through her dirty, bleached, blonde hair, Josephine then said with a smile.

“We talking about fangs here?”

Well, she was quick on the uptake this one, Igor thought. How on earth could she have worked that out? Was it that easy to read that he was a vampire master’s slave? Maybe. As far as he could tell, he’d managed to assimilate himself into society. Apart from the accent, that is. However, some mortals still had an inherent ability to sniff out demons and their servants. Maybe this woman had that gene?

“So?” Josephine asked again.

“What makes you think that?” answered Igor as he smiled.

“Well, the man’s a Count. You said it yourself.”

And taking a chance and keeping his smile sharp across his scarred-up face, Igor said,

“Yes, you are correct, his name is Coont Draculi, and he wants you to join him as his maiden. Come to our home tonight, there’ll be two more coins for you, and you can dine in candlelight. Then after, he will feast upon you. Once the night is done, if you and he are happy, then the next day you can come back, and I’ll have another two coins for you, or perhaps even four, for your troubles.”





CHAPTER SEVEN

Igor arrived at the bottom of the upscale condominium block where he’d left the Coont hidden in the empty bedroom. He knew now he’d made a big mistake hiding the vampire there while he’d had the repairs done on the cottage by the water. The place where the Coont now slept in his plastic coffin wrapped in duct tape. If it was the Lupei family that had found him, how had they done so? If it wasn’t, why would someone break in and open the coffin? One thing was for certain - the Coont had definitely not broken out. He’d had almost six hundred years to do that.

He took the lift to the 11th floor and pushed the now unlocked door open, and despite the smashed balcony door smelled death as soon as he stepped inside. He walked through to the master bedroom, passing the broken door, and looked at the young man with his throat ripped open lying at the side of the now-empty ironwood coffin.

Leaning down, and without getting any blood on his right hand, he reached around and through the guy’s pockets. Some cash, a wallet, a phone, now just hanging onto its battery life with sixty-four missed calls and texts, and a Romanian driving license in the name of Philippe Lupei. The Coont hadn’t been wrong. No need to go checking for IDs with him. He’d smelled him, just as he’d said he had.

Stepping back, Igor looked at the body of the kid, lying there all white and stiff with his mouth open. This family, they never gave up. He then looked to the wooden stake lying there next to the young Lupei boy who’d wanted to be a hero. Picking it up, he felt its strength. It wasn’t close to being strong enough. He knew that from experience, and by the looks of the kid, neither was he.

Igor himself was stronger than any man he knew, and at times, that was not nearly enough. All the opening of the coffin and banging the stakes in with a big mallet as the demon laid helpless, looking back in surprise with its arms out was just for the movies. These creatures who preyed in the night fought back and fought hard. Clawing out, slashing and snarling, spitting venom as they held onto what strange life they now knew. You needed ironwood, oak, or a strong hardwood like mahogany from Asia. Wood which was pin sharp, ridged, and tapered up to a good wide solid end you could lean into and get your weight behind. Not some piece of one-inch dowel from a hardware store, sharpened off with a Stanley knife. The poor kid didn’t stand a chance.

There would be more of these kids, though. He knew that they rarely came alone. They’d be sitting out there somewhere right now scheming away what was possibly the last days of their lives.

“Goddamn it,” Igor said to himself as he stepped over the young man and headed to the en-suite bathroom. Turning on the light, he looked at himself as he took a pee. What a waste, he thought. What a stupid waste. The carpet was brand new also. That would have to go, and the floor underneath would need to be scrubbed so as it did not smell. And who was going to be doing that? Him, that’s who, good old Igor. He’d be dragging up the carpet and all.

Goddamn it, he thought again as he began to feel himself get mad for the first time in God knows how many years. Same as when he’d been trying to play his violin centuries before and had been constantly disturbed by that needy Coont. The vampire wanting this and that back then, along with his endless cortège of vampires creeping about the castle’s tunnels like bats and defecating on his gold. Then once again, straight after he’d locked him away, the vampire continually complaining, not accepting his fate and wanting to be let out of his coffin.

Yes, I’ll have to do it, it’ll be me who cleans up the mess, he thought. But how will that affect his fingers which he’d honed into such good shape for the violin performance he had coming up? There had to be a company that came around and did that sort of thing, like you saw in the movies sometimes, underground specialists. Guys in black boiler suits who came over and dragged away the dead and burnt them, fed them to pigs or to the fish in some lake somewhere before going home for dinner with the family.

But life had been so soft for him for so long. Now, all he was used to doing was going to the supermarket for food and practicing his violin into the night. Yes, there had been ladies throughout the centuries. Women who’d come and gone in almost the same fashion a normal mortal would embrace one or two pets in their lives. Giving them their complete attention. Loving them unconditionally, yet still knowing they would outlive them. Much like the occasional stories found in Welsh farming communities, but with them we’re talking livestock and that’s a whole other story.

The problem right now was the dead body on the new white carpet which was stained with blood. Igor walked over to the heavy coffin, picked up the lid, and leaned it against the wall. Shoving the now open empty coffin headfirst onto the slate tiles of the bedroom’s large en-suite bathroom, he stood and looked down into the tight space where he’d kept the Coont confined for so many centuries with nothing more than silk and the gold coins which lined its bed for company.

How come I’m alive? Why did the Coont not just kill me for imprisoning him? Why had he not just swept his hand out and cut my throat the way I’d seen the vampire dispose of slaves in the past. Why had he not done what I’d expected him to do there and then when he saw me the previous evening? he wondered as he imagined what it must have been like to be confined for so long in such a small space. The Coont though was not human. He was a vampire, and they coped differently. So maybe he put himself into some kind of state of hibernation. Truth was, the Coont had sometimes not stirred for decades prior, to the extent that Igor had sometimes wondered if the vampire hadn’t actually died.

He walked back out of the bathroom and leaned down next to the coffin lid, lifting it with his left hand. Then, with his right, he dug his fingers into the tight space between the skirting baseboard and the carpet and ripped the carpet off the gripper board nailed to the concrete floor. With ease, he stepped back and pulled the carpet completely away from the wall all around the room.

Stopping, he looked to the kid with his throat slashed open lying there next to his rounded dowel stake he’d brought to kill the Coont. With one hand, he dragged the boy to the side of the room. The now congealed blood streaking across the carpet as he went. He placed him at the side in the carpet’s centre. Then, he began to roll him up, turning the boy over and over in the carpet, like a jam roly-poly you’d buy in the bakers, until he reached the other side.

He walked back to the heavy ironwood coffin lid, lifted it back up, and walked it to the bathroom. Catching himself in the mirror, he looked to his scarred face remembering the talons and teeth that had put them there. He looked down to the coffin not unlike the one which he himself should have been buried in so many centuries before. The mass of gold coins that lay upon the coffin’s interiors silk caught in the bathroom’s designer lights shining up at him. How many were there? he wondered. Trying also at the same time to remember if he’d even bothered to count the coins all those years ago when he’d laden the casket with them to entice the Coont inside.

There had to be a hundred minimum. One hundred golden coins right there, right under his nose, ten times the equivalent hid in a chamber below his mansion. And that wasn’t even counting the chests of gold ingots he’d pulled from the castles of all the other vampire masters he’d staked and beheaded.

Now though the man with the scars had other issues. He walked back to the main living room, looked at the broken lock and glass on the sliding door, and then stepped out onto the balcony. Looking down, he saw the broken branches on the tree below. He stepped back and went inside. The kid whose life had ended the previous evening had come in through the front door as it was still slightly ajar. The guy obviously finding his way up the back stairs or had bullshitted his way in the elevator. Then he remembered seeing the kid by the condo’s main reception door when he’d arrived a couple of days previous. The kid passing him as Igor had parked the Tesla up outside, before popping upstairs to the 11th floor.





CHAPTER EIGHT

The sun was beginning to set when Igor left the condo. He headed into the traffic through the park, back across the bridge towards West Vancouver. The Coont would be waking soon and expecting the coffin to be opened. He’d get there just in time.

Why the Coont had allowed him to live, he still could not fathom. Nonetheless, he wasn’t complaining; because life was sweet.

Igor reached the gate to the drive that would take him through the wooded acreage that led down to the cottage by the water where the birds did not fly. Pulling his gold-colored electric car up outside, he looked at the roof work that was not long completed. It was a shame. Maybe a week earlier, he could have had the Coont out of that condo he’d just bought six months back.

Maybe there could have been a better way to go about things, he thought. At the time, though, owning an entire floor on a new condo building was the way to go - no neighbors there and no one wondering what was in the long sleek box.

With the new condo, there was the bonus of a change of scenery now and again. But he had not considered the Lupei family. But why should he? How long had it been since he’d had to deal with them? Each time offering up to them the same opportunity to live when they came that he’d hoped they’d take.

But how in God’s name had they found me? he thought for the hundredth time since the previous evening after the shit had hit the fan. He opened the door and made his way into the garage. He was lucky. They obviously didn’t know about this place, or there’d have been more dead bodies lying on the floor judging by the tools they had brought the previous evening. Unless they’d had the smarts to open the garage door, and drag the plastic coffin out into the sunshine. Set the thing on fire and watch the roof box melt away, and then the sunlight tear into the Coont’s flesh - turning him to ash. If they’d had the intelligence to look in the roof box, that is. Maybe hiding the Coont in plain sight wasn’t such a bad idea. Unless he woke and immediately burst out through the plastic, that in itself could cause a problem.

And as the sun had set behind the mountains running through the center of Vancouver Island on the far side of the Strait of Georgia and the day drifted into night, that’s exactly what the Coont had done. The vampire waking, and with a swift swing of his arm, pushing through the thin plastic, severing the duct tape. Ripping it away along the lid’s seam like a wave breaking on a sandy shore.

He sat up, this time without the crack in his spine from being stuck in a horizontal position for centuries. Looking over to Igor, who was standing by the car, the first thing he said was,

“Kill thy Lupei whom I smell.”

“He is already dead, Master,” Igor answered.

“Good. Slave, my wardrobe, where art thou?”

It was a good point, the Coont’s wardrobe was long, long gone. The ancient gowns with their frills and puffs and silken collars all burnt away after a weeklong cleanse of the castle. A cleanse that Igor had enjoyed as he sat and watched the embers of the prince of darkness’s attire rise, dancing up into the night sky.

“Sadly, they are gone, Master. They were destroyed in the great fire. The only clothes to remain are the ones that decorate you now.” The Coont looked at him for the moment, and as he did, Igor was unsure if it was the lies he told that this man of evil could see through, or if it was just that the vampire was trying to decipher the change of language he now spoke. It was neither, for all the Coont said was,

“Taketh I to thine castle of new, slave. Bringeth I thou finest tailor of these strange lands.” Igor nodded.

“Yes, Master.”

Then as the Coont went to walk towards the night, he remembered half his toes were missing. Staring down at his right foot, he said, without looking up.

“Slave, attire mine feet with footwear that is deserved of a prince immediately.”

And that’s when the Coont put on the wellington boots for the first time.

************

Not a word had been mentioned so far about the virgin maiden the Coont had requested for when he woke. The vampire now simply waiting in his wellies for his slave to open the garage door.

As the night air hit him, the vampire stepped outside and took a deep breath. The Coont standing there in his usual regal-like pose. His nose tilted towards the stars like a bloodhound following the scent of some murderous escapee in stripes. Sniffing the air in counts of three, he searched for the small particles which floated through the night. Then without a word, he stopped sniffing, and with a quick flip of his long black cape he was off and up into the night sky.

Igor watched as the Coont rose up from the ground and hovered just above the cottage’s roof. His heavy wellington boots hanging beneath him like a crane fly caught floating in the air on a soft autumn night. Then he was away through the trees disappearing out of sight as though he had never been there at all.

Take him to his castle, find him the finest tailor, find him a virgin damsel. Do this, do that. Goddamn it, Igor thought. The man with scars wondering what would happen to the vampire this time as he ventured out into the night in a city that was as foreign now to the man as a Samburu tribesman dropping into the middle of Piccadilly Circus.

************

Carol Kay didn’t seem to remember that the boy she’d met at the club the previous night who’d tried to roofie her but failed was dead. In fact, she was still wondering how she’d managed to cut her neck in those two little spots. She was also feeling horny, but not in the usual way. It was different this time. In fact, she’d felt that way since she’d kind of recalled meeting this guy with the big cloak and the swept-back hair the previous night.

At first, she thought it could have been the ecstasy she’d knocked back at the club just before she’d met him, or maybe the three lines of coke she’d scored in the toilet, or all the Bacardi’s she’d been drinking, or that huge spliff she’d smoked in the park, right before she’d met him. But what the hell? She felt good, and it seemed to be lasting. Not only that, she definitely looked good from the way the guys had been looking at her in the club, and saying stupid shit like, “Hey Baby!” or just “Hey” or “What’s up?”

Now she was making her way in her skin-tight jeans and heels back down the center of Granville Street. It wasn’t until she’d left the club again that she’d felt someone was following her. Carol, this time, just as juiced up on drugs as the previous night.

Being followed though, was not that uncommon for the young girl in heels each time she had walked away from the club district late at night. Even when she had been with a guy or with friends, her legs and ass were enough to attract the odd stalker. Most of the time, they were just kids, drunk, and trying to build up the nerve to talk. Kids whose courage ran dry as the fresh sea and mountain air hit before they made it to the main road.

This time though, it was different. Her own sixth sense kicking in in some primeval way, telling her a true predator was following her. She looked around and, for no reason, crossed the road. It wasn’t late, there were people still about. Rowdy young men, couples. Carol alone for the first time in ages when she shouldn’t be.

But somehow, unlike earlier, no one’d come onto her as they always seemed to do. Maybe it was the fresh air, or her little drug habit that was setting her off-kilter with guys or just the fact she’d been told by some guy she’d slept with a week before that she had chlamydia.

She carried on back down Granville and took a right onto Marine, where it was always a little quieter. The streetlights’ rays shined bright in the night air, paving the way, the road slowly emptying. Yeah, someone was watching her. She could feel it, the hairs on the back of her neck standing up the way they were. She looked around again, but there was nothing, not a soul.

Maybe it was that guy who’d messaged her and told her about the problem, the guy blaming her, saying she was a bitch and had a sewer for a snatch. Even though she didn’t even know who he was. Out of habit, she picked up her phone and turned on Tinder as she walked, distracting herself. Yeah. As usual, there was a shitload of guys who had hit on her, with little more to say than “Hey!” or “What U doing?” or “Wanna fuck?” along with the odd dick pick. Which strangely sometimes worked. Yeah, that was it. It was the guy who’d been trolling her with bullshit and had snapped at her tonight. That was it. He’d put her on edge. She crossed the road, hit Hornby, and found the small path that led to the door of her home. She closed the door and felt relief as she heard the latch snap shut.

Fuck, that was eerie. Carol called out to see if any of the girls were home, then waited. They weren’t. Of course not - why would they be? It was Friday night. If they did come home, it would be with a guy or a girl or both. It was the way it was and had been for a while and the way she’d obviously met him, this guy who’d put her on edge, harassing her firstly with a vicious text and then words after. Words that were venomous when he could have just simply told her nicely that she needed to go see a doctor.

Then she turned and saw the large shadow of a man standing outside. She watched as he slowly extended his hand towards the mottled windowpane that ran in a semi-circle above the door. His fingers stretching out slowly as his nails hit the glass and gently tapped.

Jesus Christ, Carol thought as she felt the hairs on her back stand on end and her stomach twist. The fingers tapped again, and then once more, before the man backed away, almost floating as he did. Quickly she moved to the door and locked it once, then twice, then reached down and slid the bolt across the bottom of the door. Thinking, Fuck it, they can wake me if they needed to get in, as she read the ‘Is everyone home?’ note on the back of the door.

She walked to the kitchen and turned on the light, opened the fridge, grabbed some cream cheese spread that wasn’t hers, thought about it, then put it back. If he doesn’t go away, I’ll call the police, Carol thought, as she walked back into the corridor of the small heritage home. She climbed the stairs and opened the door to her room, turned on her bedside light, and sat there in her tight jeans and heels.

Realizing she still had her shoes on, she kicked them off and turned to see the vampire there again. The demon seemingly floating in the night air. His eyes dark, staring deep into hers through the lead glass window. Then slowly, he raised his hand, and as he did, she saw his long fingers, his ragged nails as black as coal. Turning his hand upward, the vampire gestured for her to come forward to the window as he floated, compelling her with his eyes, the young girl caught helplessly in his gaze. Slowly Carol walked to the window, and as she did, it all came back to her.

Reaching up, she touched the two small cuts on her neck as she remembered this man she’d met in the park. This man who’d floated down from the trees in his cloak, held her by her shoulders, and gazed into her eyes. Hypnotizing her as he’d leaned in and bit her neck and she had felt more sensual ecstasy than any tablet gifted by some loser in a club could ever give her.

This was why she had bite marks on her neck. She knew it now as it all came back to her in a swirling haze. This man in the cloak had the power to defy gravity and float mystically in the air. The same as she’d seen him do late yesterday evening. Only this time, it seemed as if he was wearing wellington boots.





CHAPTER NINE

Josephine, the cock-sucking hooker with no teeth, who also sold drugs in an alley on Vancouver’s east side was already standing by the gate that led down to the huge mansion. The mansion Igor had built in its own acreage on a secluded mountain slope, which was now surrounded by homes worth millions, and occupied by beautiful people with their own sociopathic issues.

The gold coin given to her by the strange Slavic man with the scars had turned out to be real. $2,200 worth of real, to be precise, after the commission. $2,200, of which $500 covered her rent, another $500 paid off an Italian loan shark, who sold in blocks of $100. $200 had gone on a new outfit and shoes from Zara on Robson, which she was now wearing. $160 went at the coiffure on a badly needed haircut and color. Another $30 had gone on some cheap perfume which smelled good in the store. $500 went to her dealer for a shitload of crack cocaine. Another $300 on some more cocaine and some legally bought marijuana. The rest she just blew on stupid stuff, then went and had a Happy Meal at Micky D’s, where she’d taken a decent-sized hit of pretty much all the drugs she’d scored except the weed. In amongst it all she’d also bought some soap to scrub up, and a packet of denture adhesive to keep her teeth in over dinner. Which she had applied in plenty in the back of the cab on the way over.

So now she was here - early just in case any other girls had had the same offer, and she may get left out. The place looked big as she looked around through the slight gaps in the gate. There was a small van with the words ‘Restaurant at Home’ written on its side in bright orange. A gold SUV parked out the front of the house. From what she could see, it looked like one of those new electric ones. The type that she knew drove themselves as she’d been in a few lately and seen the odd driver driving with his eyes closed after she’d pulled her teeth out and left them on the dash.

But not tonight. Her teeth were staying in unless this scarred-up Slav or his boyfriend actor who wanted to be Dracula had their own shit you used to loosen the glue in their bathroom.

Suddenly the gate swung open with a clang and then a swoosh as the electric motor did its job. The gravel playing havoc with Josephine’s new heels as she made her way down the driveway in her short red dress. The driver of the restaurant delivery van slowing to eye the woman up as he passed. Josephine thinking to herself, You couldn’t afford me baby, just because she was feeling hot in her new outfit, when deep down inside, she knew that when the craving came, almost anyone could.

She reached the entrance and climbed the three short steps up to the door and was just checking her nylons for rips when she heard the door open and then saw the big Slav standing there. Welcoming her in, Igor said,

“I’m sorry, I was just moving some carpet downstairs, so I ordered in. The food from Santolini’s is incredible, though.”

Josephine looked around. Fuck, this place was big and swanky. Jesus, it was like a palace. She looked up and noticed the huge glass chandeliers hanging on either side of the staircase and heard Igor say,

“They used to be Napoleon’s before they sent him to Elba.”

“Oh!”

“Yes, and there’s a few paintings here also, and a couple of Monets I picked up on the way over from Europe that no one has ever seen.”

Josephine didn’t know what a Monet was, but since her first-ever love in grade 11 had come from France and was only five foot tall, Napoleon had become a name she could never forget. She said,

“It’s really bright in here.”

And it was bright, purposely so, due to the years of living in the darkness of the Coont’s castle with its blackened stone walls and tunnels that saw neither sun nor candlelight. This castle though, was not the Coont’s. It was Igor’s, and the Coont had been getting all the darkness he needed, stuck in his ironwood coffin.

Igor’s castle was bright stone with white walls and huge, ostentatious chandeliers and lamps. It had carpets whiter than a polar bear’s ass at Christmas. The darkest thing in the room being his Stradivarius violin that sat on its polished bronze stand next to Igor’s small, yet well-used leather stool. And how he had played night after night for so many years to an audience of just himself.

Now, he had this lady here in her nice red dress who seemed to like to look around and he was beginning to worry about the woman’s shoes. She entered the living room and wandered about the carpet looking at the paintings that were worth millions. The cheaply cut, tiny, hard, rubber bottoms of her new heels now dragging small tufts of carpet with them as she went.

She stopped at one of the Monets and stared at it. It was a woman in a horse-drawn carriage along with a man in a top hat about to set off on a dusty road towards a pastel setting sun.

She said, turning around to Igor, “I see you’ve got one of those electronic cars that drive themselves. You ever want to take a drive and relax, give me a call.”

Igor looked at the lady, who looked 20 years older than she was but had cleaned up well. She had on perfume, but somehow, he could smell glue on her breath. Her eyes were also hard. The woman was definitely somewhat wasted as well, suspended it seemed in that sad spiral in which addicts often find themselves. From what he could tell, chances were high that if she didn’t get her act together soon, she’d be not long for this world.

Each to their own, he thought, as he then wondered whether there would be any long relaxing drives in the Tesla, now that the Coont was back on the scene.

Not bothering to answer Josephine’s offer of a blowie whilst driving, he said, “I have the table ready and some wine, but the Count likes to eat late sometimes.”

And on that note, he wondered exactly where the Coont was, and when he’d be back. Unless he was at the cottage. But if he was, he’d have heard by now. That was a certainty, as he knew the vampire’s patience was about as long as one of Josephine’s Tampax strings. Then he heard Josephine ask,

“You said I was getting two coins, maybe four right, but definitely two?”

He had said that, yes, Igor knew that. But if the Coont never showed, then the woman could blow the lot on drugs as soon as she cashed them in as she obviously had with the one he’d given her today. At least it seemed as though she had spent a small sum on new clothes, which was good. The last thing he needed was to dish out some more coins and then for her to just do the lot on drugs and overdose. Then he’d be back to square one. He said,

“If he shows, yes.”

That wasn’t the deal. It was if I came to the house for dinner and here I fucking am. So fuck him if he was going to start moving the goddamn fucking goalposts, Josephine thought. Her moderately drug-pickled mind suddenly shuddered at the fact she’d blown the one solid bit of cash she’d earned in a long time. Inside she could feel her temper build and her false teeth begin to grind. If she lost it and got into a scream-up like she could on any given night on Hastings Street, then there was a chance her teeth were going to come flying out like they sometimes did, regardless of the glue.

Then just as she was about to lose it and let rip a tirade of profanity, the Coont arrived, floating in the moonlight breeze, distracting her, as his wellington boots landed with a thump on the deck.

“Slave?” the Coont called out as he walked awkwardly along the deck towards the main room with its big open doors.

Igor walked out to the deck, meeting the Coont as he limped by. Stopping in the living room, the vampire covered his eyes to the lights and called out to Igor,

“Slave! Extinguish thou flame which pains mine sight so.”

Then, letting down his hand from his brow as Igor hit the light switch at the side of the room, he turned and stared at Josephine. For a moment he stood there, lit now only by the moon he knew so well. He smelled the air again, his senses picking up something unobtainable to any mere mortal. Quickly turning back to Igor with disdain, and in a manner which suggested nothing less than incompetence. He asked a question of which his senses had already told him the answer to.

“A Lupei is near to I, slave?”

“Truth become you, Master - although he is long deceased,” Igor answered quickly. “Below within mine castle’s cellar. There be eth I leave him for thine disciples to reside with once they find death and cometh to thine lair.”

On that note and happy with his forward-thinking slave, the Coont smiled, showing off his enormous fangs. It was true, as for the moment here in this strange world he found himself placed, there certainly were yet no disciples.

But just as a Catholic priest uses God himself to draw his congregation to him, along with their children, he too would draw mortal folk towards his darkness. Once inside this darkness, his own congregation will need to feed and feed they shall upon the mortals they once themselves were.

The Coont turned again, this time slowly, using the time it took for his eyes to reach Josephine’s to dominate the room. Josephine standing there, lit by the candles placed in the centre of the small dining table with its empty plates. The food sealed tight within polished chrome serving dishes positioned with style upon the top of the mobile buffet table sitting elegantly alongside the table. The room now dark. Josephine, the grown woman who had once loved a short, young, French man. The woman looking good in her new heels and false teeth, wondering to herself what the hell was going on as she stood there in the ornate room. Out loud and almost to himself, the Coont said,

“A maiden whoeth I shalt dine with this evening? I have though feasted, yet a sweet virgin maiden thou bringeth. The Coont’s thirst to be quenched once more. Feast still the Coont shall, before dawn cometh to thee.”

Josephine could not believe what she was seeing, and hearing for that matter. The whole scene was like something straight out of the local amateur theatrics club. With this gimpy idiot in a pair of wellington boots playing the lead. The guy wearing the most ridiculous white makeup along with the stupid fangs that dripped fake blood down his chin. And what was going on with the costume, the cape and all the stupid frills and puffy sleeves? My God, this was a joke if ever she’d seen one. Next thing, for all she knew, would be that this guy with the scars was going to be picking up the fake violin in the middle of the room and start serenading her.

The money was good though. If they paid, that is ... Putting up with this charade for an evening and scoring another two gold coins, or four if she was lucky, would be certainly worth it. The exchange rate for gold was good right now, and if she divided up the $2,200 she’d get for a coin into blow jobs, it amounted to a lot of protein she’d need to be swallowing. Turning to Igor she said,

“I’m gonna want those coins upfront before the show starts.”

And the moment the Coont heard her voice and smelt the mixed sweetness of glue and drugs on her breath, he knew he had to feast upon her there and then. Turning, he held Josephine’s gaze, his eyes now bright red after having just fed. Holding out his bony right hand, he gestured as he walked towards the table for her to come to him. His long, black, sharp nails as jagged as a turtle’s back.

With a slow and ominous voice, he said to Josephine as he reached the table, and like a gentleman, pulled out her chair, “Cometh to thy Master.”

Josephine shrugged and walked over. Running both hands over her backside first so as not to crease her dress, she sat herself on the chair. The Coont looked down on her as she did, his eyes red, sunken in their sockets. The vampire coveting his prey as he walked around the table in the centre of the room to sit down.

The Coont said, “It hast been some timeth since I hath dine with such a maiden so as beautiful as oneself.”

Then holding out his bony hand emblazoned with a sapphire ring, he offered her his hand to kiss, as he said, “I am the Coont, Coont Draculi.”

Josephine smiled. Truth was, it was hard not to laugh at this guy with false teeth that were worse than hers. Leaning forward, she took his hand and kissed the sapphire and wondered if it went along with the rest of the place and was actually real. She said,

“Josephine.”

“Oh,” said the Coont, “the beauty of sucheth name, come before I, this fine night.”

Then Igor walked over, and with his left hand behind his back, he poured them both the decanted wine into his pure cut crystal. Taking Josephine’s plate, he broke the seal of the buffet table’s brightly chromed center dish. The steam from the lamb chops that had been keeping warm and braising within rising up. Igor dug his serving spoon down into the gravy that was mixed with the head chef’s own special blend of herbs and spices he’d ordered in specially from Tuscany.

Suddenly, as the steam hit the Coont’s nose, he was up and away from the table, spitting and snarling, as his left hand swung at the buffet table, knocking it past Igor and across the room. Spilling the dishes, candles, trays of food and brown delicious gravy along with the potatoes and wine all across Igor’s fancy white carpet.

Screaming out to Igor, the vampire stepped back.

“Garlic! How dare thee bringeth such poison within thine castle?

Josephine stood in shock; glad now she’d grabbed the Happy Meal at Micky D’s earlier since it now looked like this meal was certainly over. She stared at the Coont and the food that smelled delicious spread all across the carpet.

Then almost as though what the man in the cape had just done mattered not one bit, the Coont turned to Josephine and once again, as his deep black and red sunken eyes stared into hers, he raised his leathery hand to her and stroked the air softly with his ringed fingers gesturing her to him.

Josephine felt the sudden strange force pulling her as she heard his words spoken in a heavy Slavic accent. Her inner soul suddenly wanting this man standing there in his dandy suit and wellies.

“Cometh maiden, thy Master commandeth,” the Coont said once more, as he gestured, and Josephine again felt this unseen pull drawing her, compelling her to him. His eyes burning as he stared at her in the now fully darkened room.

“Cometh nou - I am thy Master.”

And then she came, giving in to the invisible energy that seemed to have taken over her complete being from within. Slowly, almost hypnotized, she walked to him in her tight red dress. Her heels digging into the plush white carpet as she reached him. Then she felt her arm rising to him as her desire within became stronger and something primeval took over her mind and body.

Taking the Coont’s bony hand in hers, Josephine stared into his eyes, feeling the magnetic force emanating from him grow even stronger with his leathery touch. Her breathing began to slow as she felt her heart race and then as he held her gaze and felt his eyes penetrate deep into her soul, she knew that she was his and his alone for the taking.

The Coont leaned in, lowering his torso as he bent down to the woman and twisted his head as his mouth widened, exposing his blood-stained fangs now protruding from his mouth. Josephine closed her eyes as she leaned back, twisting her head to the side, she exposed her neck for him.

Inside she could feel his need, feel his want, his desire. Then as her body gave in to him completely as so many fallen maidens had centuries before, something just as primeval broke through his evil spell cast upon her. Just as she felt the Coont’s blood-dripping fangs touch the skin of her perfumed neck, Josephine found the inner strength she needed to break free.

Summoning up what was left of her own instincts, honed from years of survival, she pushed back. Pulling herself away from the Coont’s evil fangs and looking into his deep bloodshot red eyes, she said,

“No money, no honey, baby.”





CHAPTER TEN

Watching from afar in the doorway, Igor stood in disbelief as this empowered woman stood there defying the Coont in a way he’d never have known possible. What had happened to the vampire’s inner strength, his overwhelming control that he’d once possessed when he’d set his sights upon a maiden that he’d decided to make his own? Maybe it was the 600 years he’d kept him locked up in the coffin while he’d relaxed and drank wine, ate cheese, and played the violin.

This woman though was strong, stronger than he’d ever seen before. By the looks of her, she was holding him in her own spell as she kept the Coont there waiting in his wellington boots, stooping with his teeth bared above her exposed neck. She said it again, this time with a smile and in a voice which sounded cheeky and lustful as though even she herself wanted the Coont to dig his teeth into her flesh as much as he did.

“Gold coins get my loins, baby.”

Reaching into his pocket, Igor dug deep. There were the keys to the car, his wallet, a comb, some chewing gum, and a handkerchief, but no more gold coins. Goddamn it, he thought as he looked around and wished he’d grabbed a pocket full of coins out of the Coont’s coffin in the downtown condo’s bathroom. Then suddenly, he remembered he had two he kept on the violin stand and would use when sometimes a rash would develop on his chin from his beloved Stradivarius.

Staring at them both, he walked across the room. Picking them up, he took another three steps and placed them in Josephine’s hand. With the practiced skill of a jeweler, she’d weighed them, smelled them and sunk her false teeth deep into the soft golden metal in the same amount of time it took her to lean her head further back and allow the desire she felt within to fully envelop her body and give herself to the vampire.

Biting deep, the Coont sank his fangs into Josephine’s neck as she held onto the gold coins as tight as a young kid holds onto his last toffee after his big sisters appeared in the room.

The Coont breathing deep as he drew the blood from this maiden’s neck through his fangs and into his mouth. The vampire groaning with pleasure as he felt the crack cocaine, heroin, and everything else Josephine had pushed through her system that day begin to flood through his veins.

The drugs taking over the Coont’s mind and body with an incredibly euphoric feeling he had never felt before. Then with his head spinning and doing kaleidoscopic cartwheels around the room, he pulled away, dribbling, gasping, and dropping blood all over Igor’s white living room carpet.

Standing herself straight, Josephine looked to the Coont, picked up a napkin off the candlelit dining table, wiped her neck down as quick as she would sperm from her chin, and said,

“Right then, good job ... all done.”

And with that, she was across the messed-up carpet, grabbing her handbag as she went. She reached the living room’s big door and with her high heels clicking on the marble floor, she headed under Napoleon’s grandiose chandeliers and straight out the front door.

What in God’s name had just happened? Igor thought as he watched the vampire lay himself down on the now blood-stained carpet. The Coont holding on to his cape spread across the floor so as he would not fall over. Then as Igor stood over the Coont looking down on him, he saw the vampire’s glazed bloodshot eyes meet his, and as they did, he heard the Coont say,

“Slave, I - I - I - lovvvveeeeth - you!”

************

Well, that was weird, Josephine thought as she sat in the back of the cab that took 10 minutes to arrive after she’d called from outside the gate of Igor’s mansion. She looked at the two gold coins and checked them a second time to see if they were real. It looked that way. They were the same as the one she’d cashed out earlier that same afternoon. Wow! Near on four grand for 5 minutes of action and a bit of fucking around. No wonder the high-end girls out of Yaletown make the effort to get over here.

She hit the bridge that would take her back downtown and to the east side that she had come to know so well. The room she rented would seem bleak now in comparison to the opulence she’d just witnessed. Nonetheless, that would all be forgotten as soon as she’d managed to take a hit on some crack and sink another needle into the vein between her big toe. Yeah, that would all be forgotten, and all would be good with the world.

************

If ever there was a good time to get the Coont back in his coffin, it was now. But it wasn’t looking possible as the vampire had now gone from lying down, worrying about falling up, to being stuck to the ceiling and worrying about falling down. At some point he’d meet in the middle, and then Igor could just float him like a balloon to the ironwood coffin and lock him back in, he hoped. Then he could go skiing the next day as he’d planned to. But goddamn it, the coffin was downtown still, and the roof box was at the cottage. And for that matter, the Coont was still stuck to the high ceiling.

************

Four hours later, Igor started worrying about the sunrise. He had gone to fetch a ladder to pull the Coont down and just as he was fixing some protection for the carpet under the ladder’s feet, the Coont dropped like a television from a rock star’s hotel window onto the floor below.

Looking up, the vampire said to Igor, “Slave, where art thou?”

Then he stood and straightening his cloak as he looked around the room, he asked, “Thy maiden, where be her presence? I have yet to feast.”

“Gone, Master.”

“Her presence! I demandeth thee bring her. Feast once more, I must.”

Igor looked out across the water towards the shimmering lights of the city. The chances were slim that she’d be back down the alley selling drugs or blowing losers after walking out of the mansion with those two gold coins. A couple of days, though, if she was still with us, yeah, maybe. But now, no. The likelihood of finding her tonight were slim to none.

He said, “Fed, you have Master, the sun cometh.”

The Coont looked to the east and like a kid not wanting to go to bed when his mother asked, he was having none of it. Looking to the night sky through the mansion’s windows, he tilted his nose to the air.

“Time is of strength, slave. Fly now we must and feast upon maidens for thereth be plenty.”

But Igor couldn’t fly, and the Coont knew that. With these words, Igor knew the Coont was still out to lunch, and there was a chance he could get him back downtown and clamped down within the ironwood coffin before the sun rose and turned the vampire to dust. With a change of heart, he quickly said, “Master, thy maiden awaits you; cometh now.”

The Coont shook his head.

“Taste thy maiden within the air I have but not.”

“Worryeth not Master, soon thy shall - I’ll take you downtown in the Tesla!” Igor quickly replied.

************

With blood still on his chin from the two maidens he’d bitten so far that night, the Coont sat, stoned in the front passenger seat of the Tesla. He stared in marvel out of the window. Slurring slightly, he said, “Carriage of gold hath no horses, slave?”

“Yes, Master.”

“Thy bringeth I a fresh virgin maiden, slave?”

“Yes, Master.”

“A bosom of plenty, I ask?”

“Yes, Master.”

They reached the lights just before the Lions Gate Bridge and felt the traffic as it began to slow. The police there with their blue and red lights flashing intimidation in the darkness, turning the road into their own cosmic red and blue light show. The Coont sitting there looking out at the police standing strong and with presence. The lights leaving streamers in the Coont’s mind. Without a second thought, the Coont simply said, “Killeth thine knights now slave and move thy chariot onwards, for mine thirst is great.”

“They are the police, Master.”

“Of what Kingdom these knights roameth?”

Igor shook his head and closed his eyes. My goodness, he thought, what in God’s holy name was going on? How simple life was for this relic of the forgotten past. Kill, feed, sleep, repeat. And in between that have his ‘slave’ do all the hard work and running around in exchange for the gift of a shitty life, which was for eternity.

He said, “We cannot kill them. We are not living in that world any longer. They are like knights, but called police. They are more dangerous than thee, Master. They are known to kill even vampires.”

Turning to his slave, the Coont waited for a moment, then scoffed. His teary eyes red and bloodshot. Then in a mixture of disdain and confusion, he spoke, “Continue, must you speak of this language such Franc?”

“It is the language they speak in this land of far, Master.”

A policeman reached Igor’s side window and gestured for him to roll it down. Igor did just that. Looking in, the police stared at Igor and his scars and then to the Coont with his white face, swept-back hair, fanged teeth, and blood-stained chin. Paying him no heed, the cop asked as he leaned in slightly like a hound sniffing for the scent of alcohol,

“Doing any drinking tonight, fellas?”

“I drinketh the blood of a maiden fair.” The Coont answered quickly, without looking up.

“Not tonight, no,” Igor carried on, ignoring the vampire seated next to him as he answered.

“Drugs?”

“No,” Igor answered with a smile. Not me that is, he thought. The Coont, well that was a different story.

Moving back away from the car, the cop waved them through. Calling out as they passed,

“Have Dracula put his belt on.”

The Coont looked at his slave as he pulled the car back onto the road using this strange wheel to control the horses he was yet to see.

“These knights of this strange kingdom - they fear I not?”

“No, Master.”

“Yet knoweth mine name?”

“Yeah,” said Igor as he smiled and hit the bridge for downtown. “You’ve become quite popular.”

They hit downtown with its towering condominium complexes that rose up from the land. The Coont settling into the front seat of the strange chariot which made no sound. He stared up at the towering monoliths built of steel and glass.

“Here I journeyed after thy wake?”

“Yes, Master.”

“I haveth returned to mine maiden.”

Ok, so it was over here he’d come, Igor thought. He’d bitten a girl the night before when he’d killed the Lupei boy. He said, “The sun, I fear Master, soon it will be here.” The Coont was now confused. The light from the city seemed to be everywhere, and the streaming cop lights still burnt into his eyes. When he was up high flying, he could see the mountains and the horizon beyond. Up in the sky, he could see the moon and the stars, feel the wind and the air currents. He had his bearings. But here, locked within this strange chariot with its silent invisible horses, making all these quick angled turns that went this way and that at speed. It was confusing him. Not only that, this strange, tiny paper tree that hung from twine and smelled of the forest was complicating things further. He said quickly to Igor,

“Halt thy chariot, slave.”

“What be eth thine problem, Master?” answered Igor, as he slowed. The Coont’s slave wondering if he could still make the extra two blocks to reach the condo where the ironwood coffin lay. Then he said, “Yes, Master.” And kept on driving.

The Coont looked at him, his brow wrinkling as he sensed defiance from his slave. He shouted, “Halteth! Slave, thou defyeth such command?”

Igor shook his head as he took another corner. “No, Master.” He was nearly there. One more road to go and he’d be outside and parked up right below his condo, on the street next to the tree with the broken branches on its sidewalk. He said, his voice in a worried tone,

“Not I, Master, the horses yield they will not.”

Then he reached the building. Feigning the response of a carriage driver pulling up his fleet of horses after seeing a highwayman robber in the forest next to a downed tree, Igor stopped the Tesla right outside the door. He said, “I’m sorry, Master. The horses are strong of mind in this kingdom.”

They got out, the Coont stretching his arms and back as he pulled his cloak above himself. The vampire sniffing the air for prey. He said, “Before here, I hath been prior, slave.”

“Yes, Master.”

The Coont looked up through the tree to the balcony high above which he had plummeted from the previous evening.

“Freed from thy chamber by my captors, from this turret yonder did I fly with strength, slave.”

Oh, so that’s what it was, Igor thought, that’s why I’d been spared. The Coont had thought the Lupei had been holding him captive for all this time and now he was free. Going with it, he said, “Yes, Master, you are free now.”

And free the vampire was indeed.

Then, just as Igor was about to usher the vampire up the stairs and coax him back into his coffin for maybe another century or two, the Coont sniffed the air, catching something that heightened his senses. He flipped his cape, and in one smooth whooshing motion, he was off again into the night with his wellington boots hanging below him. Disappearing up and over the tree line. Quickly Igor jumped into the car, threw it into drive and drove away silently at speed. He took a left, then a quick right, following the Coont as he headed through the night towards the park by the water. The vampire getting lower and lower as his boots crashed into each treetop, one after the other as they weighed him down.

Running out of road, Igor bumped the gold Tesla up the curb and carried on along the sea walk, following the vampire in the darkness.

Five seconds later, he had caught up. The Coont floating right above him as the leaves and small branches rained down. Then suddenly, like a helicopter in trouble, the Coont came low into a clearing.

With his cape flailing behind him, he spun two full circles, rose up again into the treetops, caught a heavy branch, and like an out-of-control Acapulco cliff diver who’d missed his footing, the Coont rolled around and around in the air, twisting and turning as he fell and landed hard with a thump on the grass below.

Squeezing the car through the trees, Igor drove to the vampire as he lay motionless on the ground. Lining the car up to hold the Coont in his high beams, Igor got out. Slowly the vampire began to rise as he came around and levitating himself into an upright position, he composed himself. His cloak falling into place behind him. Looking Igor in the eyes as he arrived, he said,

“Slave, why art thy hereeth now?”

He’s not with it, Igor thought as he looked at the vampire, with a huge grass and muddy skid mark across his face. The demon’s eyes now yellow and red and black and a bigger mess than he’d ever seen them before. The Coont pointed to the convention centre at the other end of the park, and said, “Bringeth thine horses from thou castle!”

Igor looked to the convention centre, its lights from the windows shining bright in the distance.

“Prepare us to ride. I wisheth to see mine queen.”

With absolutely no clue which queen the Coont was referring to, he said, “Yes, Master, thine queen awaiteth you. Come to thy chariot and lay trail.”

With gooey watery eyes and wellington boots, the Coont followed Igor towards the car’s headlights. The Coont shouting out as he limped,

“Douse thy chariot’s flame, slave - It burneth I!”

They reached the side of the car as Igor opened the door for the Coont to get back in as he checked the horizon. Dawn was approaching, the light of the sun beginning to lick the base of the clouds far in the distance.

“It is not mine chariot that burn thee. Dawn cometh, Master. Haste is of must!”

Then just as he was about to slide himself back into this chariot of gold, he turned quickly, breathing deeply, he said, “Lupei! They are close, slave ... Kill them - saveth the queen!”

Igor closed the door on the Coont and sat back inside the driver’s seat. Closing his own door, he spun the car with its four-wheel drive around on the grass and left the opening. Bumping over the roots as he drove under the trees and back onto the seawall. Passing two guys standing at its side as he reached the end and bumped back down the curb, whipping across the level crossing back out onto the street.

Seconds later, Igor was back at the entrance to his condo. Before the Coont could say another word, he had him through the foyer, in the elevator, along the corridor of the whole floor he now owned and back into the room where he’d killed the Lupei boy the night before.

The Coont stood there in a daze as he looked to his open coffin laying in the bedroom’s en-suite windowless bathroom.

Gesturing his hand towards the open coffin, Igor said, “Sleep now, Master, for with haste the dawn cometh!”

The Coont looked down to the gold coins lying upon the red silk. He said, “Mine goldeth slave?”

“Yes, sleep upon thy gold; rest Master, the dawn cometh.”

As the comfort of the silk drew him in, the vampire stepped back into his coffin, left warm and cozy as it lay on the grey slate bathroom floor with its heated tiles. He sat, and then as the vampire lay his head down into the silk, he turned his watery now grey eyes to Igor and said,

“Sleep I will, slave - though thy turret, safe I pray not, upon this silk it turns as one lays.”

“Sleep, Master. Cover you now, I shall.”

Fuck yes, Igor thought as he grabbed the coffin lid and began to lay it back on top of the Coont. He had him! What a stroke of luck, the woman in the red dress had been so fully loaded with whatever she’d been on all day and the Coont had taken such a huge hit of her blood. Now all he had to do was fix the lid on tight, carry the coffin along with the Coont inside, ram it in whatever way he could into the back of the SUV, and get him back into the cottage’s cellar.

Spring skiing was back on for the weekend, and he could then polish up and practice the violin for the rest of the week for the little concert performance that was coming soon.

Then just as he lay the top of the lid down to force the confinement upon the Coont, the Coont’s hand whipped out, grabbing Igor’s arm by the wrist as he felt the incredible force of the vampire’s strength pull his hand into the coffin. He then heard the Coont say from the darkness within, “Slave, hold I, for circular motion mine bed does spin.”

With those words and a vice-like grip of iron upon Igor’s wrist, the Coont fell into a deep, drug-induced sleep. Igor lay there, trapped on the floor next to the semi-open coffin with his right hand pulled tight against the vampire’s leathery chest.

Goddamn it, Igor thought again as he tried to pull his hand free so that he could finish the job. But for all he tried, he could not make it budge. Twisting his arm, he struggled to his knees as the lid of the coffin shifted up to one side. With his free hand, he pulled the lid back off and heard the heavy ironwood land with a thump upon the slate floor. Maneuvering himself above the Coont, he then pushed the heavy lid back towards the edge of the bath.

Trying again, he pulled at the Coont’s grip. Twisting his arm one way and then the other. Feeling his skin burn as he stretched it to its limit. The vampire’s clasp wasn’t going to give; it wasn’t budging, not for a second. At this rate, unless the vampire’s hand loosened in an hour or so, all that was left was for him to bite his arm off like a fox or a rabbit caught in a trap. But that was drastic measures. Sitting himself down again, he found the most comfortable position for his arm and relaxed.

How long did I have before dusk? he thought. The Coont would wake again then, no doubt with a headache, and let him go. It was almost six am now, so maybe twelve hours on from now. Then the idiot who’d given him eternal life would be awake, and he’d have to do it all again.

But his time would come. He needed to be patient that’s all, patient and courteous to a tee. Be a good slave to his master as he’d done before, all those years ago, when he’d worked hard at the castle attending to the Coont’s every need and putting up with the evergrowing vampire horde that lay deep within the castle’s warren of dark tunnels. Then after he’d locked the Coont away in the coffin he now lay in, he’d worked harder as he’d stalked and killed these same demons.

Yeah, my time would come again, he thought as he took a deep breath. Then another, and another. He drew in a third and let it out, feeling the air escape his lungs slowly. Closing his eyes, he felt the silence as dawn came. The last throes of night calming him as the under-floor heating rose up from below the slate and permeated its way through his buttocks. Then just as sleep came, Igor heard the slightest creek of the front door and the muffled footsteps of the Lupei boys as they entered the condo.





CHAPTER ELEVEN

Sorin stepped nervously through the open door first, followed by Cristi. The Lupei boys trying as hard as they could to stay silent. Keeping their feet stretched to the side of the corridors as they carried their heavy backpacks. Each of them laden with a crucifix and their sharpened wooden stakes. Both boys worrying as much about the noise of their thumping hearts as they were about every step they took upon the hardwood floors.

The sun was just rising now, and the demon would be asleep.

They reached the living room, stood against the wall, and listened. The apartment silent with no sound at all, and for a moment, they stayed still looking at each other. The sweat filling their brows as, despite the broken glass on the balcony floor, they both wondered whether they’d entered the right apartment in the first place.

Taking a deep breath, Sorin moved himself off the wall, crept across the pure white carpet and stood in the center of the room. His hand trembling as he held the stake he’d bought at the hardwood store. He walked to the heavily curtained window and opened the drapes to the dawn sky as the sun rose in the east.

The open plan kitchen blending into the side of the room, its large microwave convection oven sitting with pride of place on the granite-topped counter. The large, chrome tap that swooped down in an arch towards the sink making Sorin’s mouth feel even dryer. His tongue sticking to the roof of his mouth. He looked around the large living room with its fancy sofa and dining table. Two doors were closed tight. The other door with its broken window was wide open and laid way to the carpetless bedroom.

Was this how it had been for Philippe when he’d come up here alone? Sorin thought. Had he stood here like this with his hands shaking? He must have. But he’d been braver, as he’d come alone and at night. But where was he now? Sorin wondered. The last contact they’d received after the three boys had split up in their search was the address of this building. Philippe wild with excitement and fear as he’d told them he’d seen the man with scars, and this is where they had come and waited again for Igor to return.

Then Sorin saw the edge of the strap from Philippe’s backpack strewn against the wall in the carpetless bedroom. Sorin’s heart began to pound even harder than he believed possible. He looked to Cristi, not moving, standing with his back pushed tight against the wall.

What am I doing? he thought, Why am I here? He could be in a café with friends, with Philippe even, back in Borsa. This cousin he’d never met could be sitting in some fancy salon in Bucharest getting lines put into his greasy hair instead of being here in this place, trembling. He continued moving forward, slowly putting one foot in front of the other until he reached the door to the carpetless room.

From what he could tell, it was a bedroom, made dark by another set of heavy drapes and the main bedroom. Fancy built-in wardrobes lined one wall with full-length mirrors surrounded by a solid, thick, wooden trim. He looked to the north-facing window with its curtains shut and stepped in. Seeing Philippe’s backpack in full view, laying upside down against the wall next to the en-suite bathroom with its door open.

Sorin moved slowly towards the bathroom door. Hearing every step as he crept. Laying each footstep down as quietly as he could as he went. He reached the wall and slowly moved along until he stood at the side of the bathroom door. Then with a deep breath, he twisted his body and moved his head around the corner to look inside. His stomach rising quickly in fear as he saw, for a fleeting second, the Coont lying sleeping in his open ironwood coffin holding the wrist of the man with scars, kneeling before him. Then with a crash, the bathroom door came smashing back, closing in his face.

Goddamn it! Igor thought as he tried to stand and again attempted to pry his wrist from the vampire’s grip.

This was not good. If he could get free, he’d have been out there and could have disposed of that kid, and whoever else was sneaking around in the apartment with him. Standing, he tried to lift the Coont from the coffin but could not move him at all. The vampire seemingly stuck fast to the inside. How much does the demon weigh? Igor wondered as he tried to remember if he’d had this much trouble during the previous times he’d moved him.

Igor was strong. He knew that. Now though, locked in the bathroom with a couple of kids outside, looking no doubt to kill them both, it meant for nothing.

Calling through the door, he offered up his first warning to the Lupei boys as he had many times before.

“Lupei, leave now, and I’ll spare your life, child. Go home and grow old.”

But Sorin Lupei wasn’t going anywhere. He stood in the center of the room, staring at the bathroom door that had just slammed in his face. The kid swallowing hard as he listened to the vampire keeper’s words and felt his hands and legs shake. Glancing to Cristi as he appeared, he said to his cousin, “The fucking Coont’s in there -he’s in there with that fuckhead with the scars.”

Cristi stood there with his mouth open and his stake in his hand, not knowing what to do. He asked,

“What about Philippe?”

Then without really thinking it through or waiting for an answer about his cousin, he carried on with, “Let’s burn them to death.”

It was an option, Sorin thought, but why had the scarred man not just come straight out there and tried to kill them? He was not affected by daylight, and, from folklore, he knew that the man was capable. Not only that, having now seen the man up close, why would he and Cristi think they would stand a chance against him even if Sorin did have a green belt in Judo from when he was a kid? In almost a whisper, he said as he felt his heart pound and his knees shake,

“We can’t start a fire. The fire brigade would be here in five minutes, then where would we be? The man with scars will just kill them and then us once they put the fire out. Besides, the building may be full of families. We could burn down the whole tower.”

So, they both knew they had three options. Burn both their asses in there, which wasn’t going to happen, or put a stake through the Coont’s heart. But they had to get through the scarred man in the process, which was going to be tough. The third option was the one that had been drummed into them by their uncles and aunts, and whoever else had managed to get them alone for a pep talk before they’d left Romania.

“The sun was their greatest weapon,” they’d continually said. “Use it every chance you can, for there is nothing stronger.” The family had told them repeatedly with the confidence of someone who had actually been in the boys’ shoes. Which none of them actually had.

Sorin quickly walked over and, pulling open the thick curtains, looked out the window of the north-facing bedroom. The sun now peeking out from below the mountains in the east. Soon, from the angle of the sun at this time of year, once it had left the mountains and began to rise, traveling west in the sky, it would hit the window for at least a few minutes.

Looking over, he said to Cristi, his voice trembling from the panic he felt inside, “We need to get the door open.”

Cristi looked back to him, feeling the evil as it emanated through the bathroom door. After all the talk, the kid now hesitant about the prospect of being so close to the demon. Sorin gestured to him to try the door as they heard heavy scraping sounds coming from the other side.

Taking a deep breath and still holding the sharpened stake, Sorin walked forward again and tried to open the door. Only to find it now stuck. He looked back to Cristi. The kid for the moment seeming as though he’d forgotten about his hair. Using the front of his toes, Sorin gave the bottom of the bathroom door a quick shove. It was shut solid, almost as though something heavy was there, blocking the door from opening. Then stretching up, he pushed the top with both hands and felt it give.

He walked back, stood next to Cristi, and quietly whispered, “The coffin was open. Let’s smash the door in.”

Cristi’s face said it all. How and what were they going to do once they had smashed the door in?

Quickly Sorin looked one more time to the window, then ran over to the built-in wardrobe and kicked the mirror hard in its centre, once then twice. Breaking the mirrored glass in two. Then, using the pointy end of his stake, he prized the mirror away from the door panel as he said in almost a snarl to Cristi,

“Go grab that big microwave from the kitchen and bring it in here.”

What are we gonna do, cook them? Cristi thought as he ran to the kitchen and began to pull the device from the wall slot on the counter. By the time he’d pulled it and carried it back into the room, Sorin had already pulled all the sticks out of his bag and had the door under strain with the sticks now stuck into the sides and upper part of the bathroom door.

Walking back and full of fighting nervous energy, he whispered to his cousin, “There’s a good reason he’s not coming out. I think the Coont’s hurt; you saw him fall from the sky by that tree.” Cristi had seen the Coont land with a thump. The two boys hidden away waiting close to the outside of the condo building, seeing Igor in his golden chariot as he passed. The boys then chasing the Tesla as it ramped up the seawall and catching up just in time to see the Coont come crashing to the ground.

“He’s not moving from him,” Sorin carried on in a whisper. “The lid’s off. We’re going to wait for the sun to hit the window. Then, we’ll throw that microwave through the top of that shitty door and use the mirrors to push the sun in through the gap. And if that doesn’t work, we’ll fucking spear him.”

Looking around, Cristi asked, “With what?”

It was a good point, Sorin thought. He really didn’t have an answer to that, but he’d worry about that once they had the door open. If the man with scars had not come out and killed them, that is.

They both walked to the window and looked out. Sorin was right -the sun was coming their way. Walking back, they each grabbed the biggest piece of mirror they could find. They placed the mirror pieces against the wall of the now messed-up room and lifted up the large convection microwave. The two wrapped the plug around its center, and then standing on either side, held it shoulder high.

Adjusting the weight in his hands and staring at the ominous bathroom door that stood between them and pure evil, Cristi took a deep breath, and prepared to run. He whispered, “What are we going to do again when we smash down that door, and that big guy comes running out?”

************

Igor wondered what in God’s name those kids were doing out there. What did they hope to achieve if they managed to get the door open like they were trying to? But with the Coont’s heavy ironwood coffin now rammed up against the bottom, there was little chance of that happening.

The Coont’s hand was still holding him like a vice and frustrating him no end, especially when he’d heard them start to smash the place up. It was an odd circumstance to be in - there was little doubt in that. But he’d been in worse in his day while clearing the land of demons, that was for sure. Centuries ago, when he’d been stuck in tunnels and chambers with no underfloor heating and vampires instead of kids waiting outside to kill him.

Outside he could hear the kids’ whispers and their scheming. Happy to hear a modern-day version of his native tongue, which he had not heard for some time. The boys talking about going to ‘bucatar’ the Coont.

Then suddenly, he heard them scream furiously as they ran at the door from the other side of the bedroom. With a huge crash, something heavy hit the door above him, moments before he saw the convection microwave oven he’d picked out from the condo sales catalog come smashing through. The flimsy bathroom door snapping under the force of impact as the oven crashed down hard, hitting Igor right on the head before it landed with a thump, bouncing once more off the side of the coffin before coming to a rest in the center of the new bathroom that Igor had yet to use.

He looked up quickly just as the dust from the door’s filler began to settle to see the boy he’d seen earlier looking through the door now take a quick look through the gap. Then a mirror appeared, catching the early morning sun. Sending a ray of golden light down through the dust and onto the Coont’s wellington boots.

Jesus Christ, Igor thought as he batted the air in a feeble attempt to swat the reflected sun’s rays away from his master. The tiny pinprick hole that had made it through the car’s roof box was enough to remove his toes. If this shaft hit his ancient clothes or his skin for real, then it would be game over for the Coont and then for himself pretty soon after. The pair of them would be history - the Coont would be turned to ash before most people had eaten breakfast.

Moving fast, he leaned over the Coont, taking the sun’s rays on his back. Reaching out, he grabbed the coffin lid from the side of the bath and dragged it back on top of the Coont, covering the vampire and restricting his own movement considerably. He looked up to the door. The young man’s face there now, showing an equal mix of fear, courage, and determination as he moved the mirror from side to side, shining the morning sunlight around the coffin and into Igor’s eyes.

Igor looked to the coffin. The gap where his arm went in was no more than a couple of inches now as he leaned his weight down upon it squashing his own arm tight. Maybe the light would get in, yes, from the soft reflection off the wall. But bouncing off the direct sun once, perhaps twice removed by the one or two mirrors they were using to get it through the hole, would only cause superficial damage.

Then, as the sun moved around the building, the shaft slowly became smaller and smaller until it was hardly there at all.

Igor crouched on the bathroom floor, looked at the hole in the top of the door, and wondered what these kids would come up with next. Fire maybe, but the building had sprinklers, and the firemen would be there almost as quickly as the kids made it out of the building.

Other than staking his heart or severing the Coont’s head, there was not a lot else they could do, and that wasn’t going to happen as they still needed to get through him. Unless he was overpowered by a horde of one hundred men. So that was out of the question. All he had to do now was stay put until the Coont either let go or woke up at dusk. If it was going to be the latter, it was going to be difficult, as he really needed to use the toilet.

There was movement on the other side of the door, and he could hear something else being dragged across the floor outside. Then there was movement again, and what sounded like tape being unraveled. The terrified face of another young man with slicked-back oily hair carefully peeked through the hole in the top of the door. The kid disappearing for a moment and then appearing again with some washing-up liquid, which he began to squirt it down into Igor’s face.

Come on! Igor thought as he held his one free hand out in front of his face keeping the spray from his eyes as he once again regretted buying the condo and getting himself into this mess.

Goddamn it!

Then just as he thought they had run out of liquid, one of the long wooden strips that lined the mirror appeared with a big kitchen knife taped to its end. The homemade spear whipped through the hole at the top of the door at incredible speed, stabbing him straight in the chest and piercing his lung.

Just missing the homemade spear with his free hand and struggling to breathe, Igor lashed out, trying to grab the stick as it whipped back out of the hole. Then a small fire extinguisher opened up on him, spraying a cloud of white powder down into the bathroom, clouding his eyes and choking him more as he felt the spear hit him once again in the top of his arm and shoulder blade.

Doing his best to breathe as the powder from the extinguisher began to settle, he looked down, trying to see and feel the wound that was in his chest. He was bleeding badly, but he’d had worse. Then as he looked back up at the hole, the now-empty extinguisher came flying through, skimming off his head and hitting the tiled wall behind him. These kids were becoming annoying.

Grabbing a towel, he put a piece in his teeth, tore off a strip and then stuck it into the knife wound in his chest and plugged the gap. Short of breath, he looked around him. He could lift the coffin lid back up, block the hole, and barricade the door. Yeah, he’d do that, expose the Coont, and keep these kids at bay - if he was lucky, they’d wake up the Coont, and the vampire could release him. Or if the kids got too close, he would maybe be able to kill them if that became necessary.

Then as he began to open the coffin again, freeing himself slightly, the spear came through once more, catching him with a stab, this time in his hand as he lifted it to protect himself.

“Goddamn it!” he said again out loud as he looked to the new gash in his hand. The blood running from the deep cut blended with the blood already there from his chest and shoulder. Then some bleach came through, hitting him further at the top of his head, making him wonder where they’d got it from.

This is ridiculous, he thought as he sat there bleeding and wiping the stinging bleach from his eyes. How long were these kids going to keep this up — all day?

With his free hand bleeding, Igor reached down and began to move the Coont’s coffin away from the bathroom door. Slowly dragging it back across the warm slated tile. He reached the other end of the bathroom and sat himself down for a moment. Resting his back while he leaned into the glass shower enclosure, he stretched himself to run the low tap which had been installed for washing your feet. Grabbing the water with his free hand, he wiped the bleach from his face.

As soon as his vision returned, he looked up to see Sorin looking at him through the hole in the door. Smiling, he said to the young man,

“The door’s open. Come on in.”

But Sorin and Cristi weren’t going anywhere near the man with the scars. They new the stories of his cunning and his strength and how he’d protected the Coont while the vampire plague that cursed Borsa had slowly diminished throughout the years, until there was no vampire plague at all.

With his free hand, Igor dug into the Coont’s coffin and felt for the coins that lay to the sides of the sleeping vampire. Grabbing a handful, he pulled them out and threw four, one at a time, through the hole in the door. He then called out,

“That’s around eight thousand dollars’ worth of gold. You know the only way you can get to the Coont is through me, and I’m not going anywhere. I’ve a few more coins here. You can have them all if you leave and go back to where you came from.”

The two young men listened as Cristi picked up a coin from the floor and studied it. He liked money of any sort. These, though, were something special. Centuries-old minted gold. He felt the weight and picked up the rest. Yeah, these felt good, he thought. He looked at Sorin still standing on the fridge they’d dragged in from the kitchen and laid on its side outside the door, making a platform they could stand on to be more accurate with the spear.

“Don’t even think about it,” Sorin said as he stared back at his cousin. His nerves now holding reasonably steady as the adrenalin of the fight took over. Then another coin came through the hole in the door, spinning through the air and landing with a clonk. Then another and another and another as gold began to rain down around them. Coins each worth more than either kid had in this world clattering onto the side of the horizontal fridge and carpetless bedroom floor.

Sorin looked to the gold that now lay all around him. Then back to Cristi, who was already picking it up. Still sensing the evil, he said to his cousin, “Remember what’s behind there? Remember they may have killed Philippe, don’t forget that?”

Then Igor called out, “Take the gold and go. You wouldn’t be the first!”

Sorin looked to Cristi. “Don’t listen to him. We need to kill them both if we can while we have this chance.”

Cristi stared at the door and then at the money on the floor. Climbing up onto the side of the fridge next to Sorin, he took a closer look. He and his cousin were out of ammo and options, from what he could see. Despite the blood and his sucking chest wound, the man with the scars looked more like he just had his arm stuck than he was frightened. Then, as Igor’s eyes met his, Cristi heard Igor call out to him,

“Hey hero, grab your weak stakes and come on in. Why don’t you? The door’s open, the Coont’s right here. Come and kill him!”

And with that, Igor leaned over and with his free hand opened the coffin right up, exposing the vampire to them both.

Sorin and Cristi stood there in awe as the chill of the vision before them ran through their bodies. There he was, the Coont in plain view. The demon himself of whom stories centuries old had been told. The vampire sleeping with his eyes closed and sunken deep into his pasty white skin. His chest rising slowly as he breathed easy and held tight to the wrist of the one man whom the stories told had protected him for so long.

Igor called out to them. “Take a good look as it’s the only time you’ll ever see him like this. If he wakes now, he’ll smell you, release me, and command I kill you in an instant.”

Then he closed the lid again, and as he did, Sorin regretted right then and there not throwing the spear. But not unlike seeing a wild cat breeze by in the bush, all he’d managed to do was stare in awe.

Fuck! Cristi thought, wishing he’d also pulled out his phone and got a photo. In the moment, he’d even forgotten to do that. But this wasn’t a trip to the zoo. He was here to kill a demon, and that demon was right there. Of course, he’d never thought after being sent halfway around the world on a maybe, he’d ever come up with anything else other than a loose end and he would be back in Bucharest by now. Having his hair done before getting laid and drinking beer with his friends. Telling all who’d care to listen about his great hunt for a dangerous, elusive vampire.

Saying as he sat back holding his beer, how tradition had called in the Lupei family and having no dependents, like Sorin and Philippe, he’d had no other option than to go. Igor called out,

“So do you want to grow old back home living off this demon’s gold? Or do you want to end up dead like your friend?”

That one hit hard and hurt. The sudden confirmation of Philippe’s departure from this world struck Sorin to his core. Feeling the pain, he stepped down from the fridge and sat on its side. In anger, he called back to the man with the scars who they had trapped,

“You killed him, you fuck?”

“Not me, my friend, the vampire. But truth is, your friend killed himself. He should never have opened the vampire’s casket. It’s not just ‘his life’ you’ve now wasted since. You should have approached me first and I would have set you straight about the danger. Then sent you both home rich.”

That was bullshit and both the boys knew it. Laying a guilt trip on them about wasted lives because they tried to do something this prick who was defending the vampire right now should have done centuries before.

Standing back up and picking a wooden stake from the floor, Sorin called out as he launched the sharpened stake at the vampire’s slave in anger, whipping it through the hole in the door. The wooden stake spinning dangerously as it came at Igor at speed. Hitting him in the arm before whipping off again and crashing into the back wall of the shower.

“Use that and kill the fucking vampire yourself then, do what you should have done centuries ago!”

But that was never going to happen. Once had been terrifying enough when it came to death for the man with the scars.

However, Cristi though was not as upset about Philippe’s death as his cousin. The young boy with his fancy clothes and slicked-back hair quite fancied two of the three options Igor had given.

For years he’d sat half-listening to the stories, putting it down to myth. Now he was right here. Sitting on the front line of a war that had been running for centuries. Yeah, he’d one hundred percent take the gold. Yeah, of course, he’d like to grow old. Did he want to die at the hands of a demon, or worse, become one himself, as the ancient stories had told of ancestors who had grown teeth and not come home? That was a one hundred percent no. The coins he now held in his hands were not really that much of an unexpected surprise. The gold being pretty much all that had been talked about by uncles and aunts on his side of the family tree since the man with scars had surfaced, and his name had been picked to go.

Without a word to Sorin, who for some reason seemed to have taken charge of this full-pronged attack, Cristi called out, yelling back at the man with the scars, “Yeah, throw out your gold, and if we think there is enough, we’ll leave.”

Ignoring the look of confusion from Sorin, Cristi listened to Igor adjust the coffin lid once more as he walked back to the kitchen. A few minutes later, Cristi was back, and by the time he had scooped a few more gold coins from the carpetless room and put them into his own bag, he was ready. Igor lagging out the whole process for as long as he could whilst he dug around the Coont’s body slowly each time, pulling out the odd coin and chucking it through the hole in the door to keep them occupied. The man with scars now as bored with the whole situation as he was looking at Sorin, standing tall with his spear.

It was a ploy that had worked many times with the Lupei family, as he knew them to have a greedy streak. Once again, centuries on, it seemed to be working. It was getting late in the afternoon. Making the boys wait for each coin, it would soon be sunset. Then the tables would turn, and this ridiculous ordeal would be over. Would he kill these kids that had been tormenting him all day if they were stupid enough to still be around and give him the chance? He doubted it. Why would he? They were just being brave. It took courage, above all, to take on a demon and his keeper. Even if this time, the keeper had been hobbled by the person he was protecting - the demon who was sleeping and at his most vulnerable.

Let them take the gold, he thought. He would not miss it. He had so much now lying around the basement of his own little castle on the mountainside. More than he’d ever need in this long life he was living.

Igor then caught the smell of cooking fat and wondered if it was drifting in from one of the other apartments above or below. Someone fixing a meal and getting on with their day close by, the aroma drifting up in the wind, unaware of the vampire siege that was occurring close at hand.

Then as the smell of the cooking oil turned from hot to burning and the smoke came, the detector in the kitchen began to sound and he knew whatever was being prepared was just for him. It wasn’t good. He remembered the huge bottle of cooking oil he’d bought for the mansion months back and left in the kitchen cupboard here by mistake. The fancy kid with the hair had been away for a while, and that’s what he was up to. He was heating oil. Not just heating it but burning it by bringing it to a boil.

Pulling hard again at the Coont’s grip that wasn’t budging, Igor looked to the hole in the door. Sorin still standing there with his spear, waiting like a Zulu warrior. The boy looking to his teammate as his friend drew closer and the smell of burning oil built. Then, without a hint of fear, the bathroom door was suddenly kicked open with such ferocity and power that the hinges on the bottom gave. The door’s handle hit the sink unit, chipping the fake granite as it smashed into its side.

From the other side of the door, Cristi suddenly appeared. Holding the broken door with his left foot, he quickly moved into the bathroom, swinging a large pot of already flaming oil with both hands towards Igor. The kid aiming it directly towards the man’s face as he sent the wave of burning, stinking, brown oil down the length of the bathroom.

Almost pulling the Coont and his coffin with him into the shower enclosure. Igor did his best to dodge the oil as he felt its heat hit his clothed skin and burn any exposed skin it now clung too. Instantaneously as the oil hit, the bathroom was alight as a huge whoosh of flame pushed itself into the glass shower enclosure and chased Cristi back out the door.

Through the blaze, Igor watched as Cristi disappeared out of the bathroom. Sorin, dropping off the side of the fridge, threw the spear back into the bathroom through the smoke and flames. The spear’s knife tip skidding off the top of the Coont’s coffin lid and once again hitting and digging into Igor’s shoulder.

So much for the deal! Igor thought as he pulled the tip of the knife from his shoulder and patted out the flames that burnt all around him. The smoke streaming upwards. Moments later and quicker than he thought they would burst, the sprinklers came on, squirting water all around the bathroom from above, for the moment making the flames worse.

Well, at least the kids won’t be hanging about any longer, Igor thought as he suffered the heat and flame. The man with scars now wondering whether this at least would wake the Coont and what excuse he could come up with to the fire brigade or even the cops when they showed.

It wasn’t long before he heard the sirens first, and then the firemen running down the corridor towards their first-ever stovetop fire in a bathroom. They hit the still smoking bathroom and stopped in the doorway. The sprinklers pouring hard, as Igor heard the first firemen into the doorway say, “Fuck me?” through their masks as they stood there under the shower of water pouring down. The veteran firemen staring at the big, black coffin and the man with the scars sitting half out of the shower.

The two firemen, unable to move further as they instantly felt the evil emanating from within the slightly charred coffin. The spear now wedged up against the soap dish. Blood running in the stream of water from Igor’s latest shoulder wound. The firemen’s big thick rubber boots, not too different to the ones the Coont now wore now treading on the remaining gold coins that hadn’t made it through the smashed hole in the door. The firemen having seen everything in their day - but never this.

Then all of a sudden, Igor felt the Coont’s grip on his wrist release. Looking up past the door and into the bedroom, he realized that the sun was now down.





CHAPTER TWELVE

As the sprinkler system turned off, the lid to the Coont’s coffin opened from within and dropped to the side. The Coont lay for a second, looking up at the unfamiliar surroundings. Rising up, he sat firstly in one movement and then in the next, almost as if he was floating, he stood. Looking to Igor and ignoring the firemen, the vampire said,

“Thy maiden of red, whereth art she?”

Answering the Coont’s question was going to be hard as Igor had no clue as to where this Josephine women was. Shrugging his shoulders, he read the Coont’s impatience. Carrying on, as always. The Coont stood there without a care for Igor’s wounds and oblivious to the smashed convection oven microwave laying upside down in the bath, the mess the fire had caused to the ceiling and the surrounding walls - even the damage to his coffin. He said,

“Lupei! I smelleth them, kill them, bringeth mine coffin to mine castle. Of much noise this turret do maketh.”

Still ignoring the firemen who’d backed off and were now standing next to the toppled fridge. He moved to the sink and, working out how the taps functioned, washed the blood and dirt from his fall from the previous night’s escapades from his face. The vampire then looked up, somehow staring at himself, reflection-less in the bathroom’s mirror above the sink.

With the sweep of his cloak, the Coont was away from the bathroom, forcing back the firemen with his incredible evil as he passed. Both firemen knowing instinctively what the man was. Seeing a crucifix left on the floor by the boys, one fireman intuitively stooped down. Backing himself against the bedroom’s wall, he held it at arm’s length towards the demon as the Coont walked through towards the living room in his wellington boots.

Stopping halfway, the Coont stared at the fireman and at the cross of Jesus being held to him and waited for a moment.

Something was seriously wrong. Usually, this emblem of God would have repelled him, its power reflecting the goodness and honesty of every Papal priest, bishop, and cardinal it represented. But somehow, now in this strange time and place, it seemed to have no effect at all. In fact, instead of repulsing him, it almost felt as though the unseen power from within the cross was inviting him to join.

Leaving the firemen in their terrified state, the Coont stepped back out onto the balcony and breathed in the early evening air. Then just as true darkness came, he caught the maiden’s scent his senses were searching for and flashed his cloak again. Lifting himself off the balcony clumsily into the air as he left the firemen with their mouths open and disappeared over the trees with his heavy boots dangling below.

************

The Coont reached Granville St with its hordes of youths waiting for their night to begin. Kids standing in groups or in line-ups to the clubs that would soon be full. None of them looking up as the Coont passed by from above. The vampire breathing their scent, looking for just one maiden amongst so many.

Then he found her again, the young girl standing with a group of others at the side of the road. Circling with his cloak flowing freely in the wind, the Coont drifted down, landing in his wellies in the centre of the open cordoned-off road.

Snarling at a group of young men, laughing as they began to approach, teenagers old enough to now drink, startled by the sudden spectacle of the Coont’s arrival. The Coont there in this foreign land full of colored flame and mortals without fear. He looked to Carol as she stood amongst her friends, the girl trying to look cool. The Coont calling her to him with his presence.

Then feeling him close to her, Carol looked around to the vampire standing there in his wellies and cloak in the centre of the road looking like some kind of ridiculous street mime.

Holding his hand up and snarling to the jeering kids in the street, he summoned her to him. Unable to resist and feeling his will command her, Carol, without a word, broke from her group and came to him. Hearing the vampire’s words as the Coont called out to her,

“Cometh hither, mine virgin bride!”

Stepping down from the curb, Carol began to walk into the road towards this specter of the night. The vampire showing his fangs again to the arriving young mortals who’d stopped to stare en masse.

Feeling her uncontrollable need for the Coont overwhelm her, Carol reached him. The young girl taking his hand and laid bare her neck to his fangs. The crowd around watching and taunting at the pantomime of evil playing out before them. The Coont watching the kids around him, hearing them scream out, “Let’s get the party started! ... Let’s get the party started!” as he bit down hard and felt the molly and the three Bacardi spritzers she’d taken earlier run into his bloodstream as her blood mixed with his.

When he could take no more and felt his head becoming light, the Coont pulled his mouth away and stared with his eyes now bright and red at his virgin maiden. Her glazed sated eyes looking back to him as her head lay softly to its side. The flames around him now beginning to stream in his eyes and through his mind. Letting her go from his leathery grip, Carol fell to her knees. The blood trickling from her neck as the Coont leaned down and, holding her lips open, spat long, stringy and sticky mouthfuls of saliva and blood down into her mouth.

Standing straight, the Coont looked up and around at the crowd as the spit and the blood dripped from his chin. The kids all milling about, heckling and laughing in nervous excitement at what they had just seen as Carol knelt upon the road beside him. Leaving Carol dribbling his saliva as she bled, the Coont moved away with his heart now pounding, his cape hanging at his side. He felt different again, full of life and happiness and for a strange reason, he loved and missed Igor, even though he’d kept him up half the day with all the fighting and shouting and fuss going on.

He moved through the strange crowd with purpose as Carol’s blood dripped from his fangs to his chin. The vampire instinctively snarling and showing his claw-like nails to these mortals who showed no fear. Then, for no reason at all other than to show off his true power, he flipped his cape and took off, back up into the night sky. Hearing the shrieks and calls from below as he lifted up and away with his welly boots dangling below him from the crowded street.

Reaching the top of the buildings, the Coont stopped and looked down. He liked the blood which flowed within the veins of the maidens living here in this strange place. The way it made him feel happy and more invincible than he’d ever felt in days before, back when things had been different. Now though he needed more, he needed to feel another maiden surrender to him, have her show him the veins on her neck, feel her skin break as he bit into her and tasted her blood.

He breathed deep, taking in the night air as he flew higher amongst the castle turrets with their walls awash with flame. Yes, he needed that feeling again, not just any maiden, though, but that same maiden again with the dress of rouge. Then as a male dog smells a bitch in heat, the Coont caught the scent of Josephine as she lifted herself from her knees and breathed out as she spat another wad of semen from her mouth.

Like a pigeon swirling down from above to land in a bed of seed, the Coont swept down and landed bang in the middle of Hasting Street. The Coont calling out, staring at all the homeless as they mocked, the vampire flipping his cape back at them from the centre of the road.

“Josephine, my sweet! Cometh I - mine maiden in rouge!”

And with her chin still wet, Josephine came straight out of the alley where she’d just earned another $15. The woman marching straight across the road in her now not-so-new shoes and red dress as the cars on either side blew their horns. The two gold coins she’d received the previous night long gone but not forgotten. Her mind abuzz with the drugs she’d bought with the previous night’s proceeds. Some already consumed, the rest stuffed into her handbag, all of which would undoubtedly be gone by morning.

Reaching him, she said, “I come to you, Master.”

************

Igor had just got the coffin back to his mansion and stuck it in the basement when he heard the taxi beeping its horn behind the gate at the bottom of the driveway. He’d called for the cleaners to come and sort out the carpet, but they were closed and would not be open again until the morning. It was also too late for the restaurant van to come and pick up the trays that still lay where they fell the previous evening. He walked to the foyer and looked at the small security screen to see who was in the cab. And instantly recognized the Coont sitting in the back, looking pie-eyed out the window. Opening the gate, Igor walked out of the big front doors that looked to the north and waited for the taxi to reach him. As soon as it stopped, the rear door was open and the Coont was out. The vampire walking past his slave as though he wasn’t there. Then on the other side, he saw Josephine step out still in the clothes she’d been wearing the previous evening.

Closing the door with a slam, she walked herself round the side of the car, and passing Igor with blood dripping from her neck, she said,

“Pay him, and when I’m done, you better pay me.”

Igor watched as the woman he’d met in the alley selling drugs only the day before walked up the steps to his mansion and entered his home, slamming the door behind her. Turning, he walked over to the cab and, pulling out a $100 note, noticed the two puncture marks on the driver’s neck as he handed it to him through the window. Surprising the man in perfect Arabic, Igor told him,

“Do yourself a favor - go home, hide yourself away, don’t come near this place again.”

But sadly, it was too late, as the man was already cursed. For the Coont, sourcing himself a new horseless chariot, had previously held him down, bit him, then spat saliva and blood into the taxi driver’s mouth.

Turning, Igor walked back up the steps and, opening the door, walked through the ornate lobby, hearing his feet tap on the Italian marble slabs. He reached the living room and stopped. Slowly he closed his eyes in annoyance as he saw Josephine lying with her feet up on his soft leather crème sofa. The woman exposing her neck, as the Coont drank thirstily with his fangs buried deep into her flesh.

Igor watching as the Coont gorged on the woman’s blood. Josephine leaning her head back with her legs open, allowing him to do so like a cat in heat. The woman loose and enjoying the feeling of complete ecstasy in a way no drug had yet made her feel.

Here we go! Igor thought as he wondered how many noble maidens and princesses he had seen years before succumb in such a manner to the Coont’s power. There had been many—many of whom, drunk on the lust the vampire induced in them, had allowed themselves to be turned into vampires just the same as the demon who now possessed them. Vampires Igor had ultimately had to kill in the end.

And here comes another one, Igor thought as he heard the woman moan and watched Josephine’s eyes roll into the back of her head in trance-like satisfaction.

Then as always, when the Coont could gorge no more upon the blood of his now chosen maiden, he pulled out. Leaning his head back, he looked to the ceiling, and with his fangs protruding and covered in blood, he let out a blood-curdling, drug-induced roar.

Igor looked to the blood the vampire had spilled onto his new sofa and the mess of the food still all over the nice white carpet. He really needed to get this relic back into his box and throw away the key. He looked to his violin and thought back to how, only a few nights ago, he’d been sitting in peace as he played quietly. Practicing for his little concert he was soon to perform.

The horsehair bow stroking the ancient strings as the melody flowed from within the Stradivarius almost making him cry. Now he had a demonic monster and a coked-out hooker in his living room playing a different tune. At least she wasn’t blowing him. But if she was, there would probably be less mess. He said to Josephine as he saw her come back to a form of reality only she knew,

“Be careful, the drug this man deals is far worse than any you could find in your world. Soon you will become like him, and life as you know it, will be lost altogether.”

Wondering if the woman had heard him at all, Igor walked over to his violin. He pulled the Stradivarius and the stand over to the corner as he watched the woman pick up a white pillow. Wiping the blood from her neck, Josephine pulled herself up off the sofa. Looking to him, she threw the bloodied pillow down. It became obvious to Igor that she hadn’t missed a word, as he heard the woman say,

“Don’t be worrying about me. Just keep those fucking coins flowing, baby.”

Coins ... yeah coins, Igor though as he remembered all the ones he’d thrown through the door earlier in the day as part of that deal he’d made with those Lupei kids. That deal, built on sand, which had been so easily broken with its fiery conclusion. Feeling the wound in his chest, which he still needed to stitch, he said,

“Don’t forget to grab your teeth before you leave.”

The woman in her heels, with her bleached hair a mess and blood running from her neck, looked down and saw her dentures on the sofa. In disgust, Igor walked out and went upstairs to the bathroom in his large bedroom. He looked at himself in the mirror, took off his top, and stared at his new wounds that would heal soon. They blended in well - once they had healed, they’d be just part of the peculiar horror show his body now was.

He’d be having to kill her soon this Josephine woman, but that had always been the plan. Once the Coont had gone too far and she’d turned that is. She’d be a fighter as well. He could tell that just from her mad eyes.

He looked to a small dish half full of gold coins sitting next to the sink and wondered why he’d put them there. He definitely was obsessed with them - or was it just gold in particular? He certainly had enough. What was the deal with it all? Was it a trophy? he thought as his mind drifted back to when he’d found one particular chest full of the coins.

Igor riding out to the home of a certain demon situated in a small town named Pomorie on the Black Sea. A master vampire who, like the Coont, had reigned havoc over the small hamlet for near on a century. The demon as always, falling for the carriage that the Coont no longer used. Fighting back once Igor had surprised the vampire with his long sword and held it against the wall under the arched entrance to the small castle the creature called home.

Igor hearing the demon’s screams and feeling his body shake and wriggle as he’d stabbed him with his long sword before forcing his ironwood stake into its heart. The demon rueing the night he’d bragged to the Coont, years before, about his vast collection of gold coins and remembering how Igor had listened as the last seconds of the vampire’s life ebbed away.

But that was a long, long time ago and yes, many trophies of gold had he taken from demons whilst their ashes had blown away.

He could hear them outside in the garden now - the Coont and this drug-dealing hooker he’d found in an alley. This woman, laughing as the Coont completely out of character, did so also. Josephine higher now on the blood-lust enchantment the Coont now held for her than the drugs she’d sunk into her body hours before.

Picking up the small bowl full of coins, Igor walked to the window and looked down through the leaded glass panes. The Coont down there with his arms raised in the moonlight, looking at something only he could see in the darkness of the night time sky. Josephine lying on her back on the lawn next to the glass garden table with her skirt up. The woman laughing at nothing with blood still on her neck. The woman having just snorted rail after rail from the large bag of drugs she’d picked up not long after leaving the gold exchange.

Opening the window, Igor reached out and tossed the bowl, coins and all, down onto the lawn beside her. Calling out as they landed and seeing her look up at him through her wasted eyes,

“Here’s your coins, you can go now.” But with this magical, sensual feeling the Coont was stirring up within her each time he drank her blood, Josephine wasn’t going anywhere. Not at least until the sun came up.

As the first glimmers of orange began to show, the Coont began to summon Igor, calling his slave to the garden where he stood with Josephine. What a mess, Igor thought as he looked out the window at Josephine’s nose which was now bleeding as much as her neck. The big bag of dope now empty. How many lines had she leaned over and snorted on the glass-topped garden table? Then to just lay back straight after with her neck exposed to let the Coont feast off her so as she could spread her legs again.

The Coont still in his wellington boots, leaning in and biting, holding on until he could take no more, then releasing, swishing his head away as the hooker’s blood left his mouth before he snarled and spat and waved his cloak. His one hand unconsciously pulling up his usually immaculate black hair as he talked nonsense and screamed at the stars he thought he could touch.

Igor stepped through the patio doors and onto the stone terrace where he’d enjoyed many a peaceful day. He looked at the blood and saliva all around. Looking at one of his chairs that was now somehow broken, he said, “Yes, Master?”

“Payeth mine maiden princess, leave now she must!”

“Payment has been rendered, Master. The maiden shall leave now.”

With a sweep of his cloak, the Coont was then off and away, brushing past Igor without another word. The vampire moving fast through the mansion’s living room. The Coont’s cloak catching on ornaments and vases and original paintings, sending them crashing to the floor as he went. Lost and still out of his tree, the Coont reached the lobby, picked the first door he came across, entered a small corridor and walked until he hit the kitchen. Sweeping through it at speed, leaving bowls and utensils knocked to the floor in his wake, the Coont reached the glass-paned door at the kitchen’s other end and crashing straight through it, stepped back out into the garden. With nowhere to go, he took a left on a path and then at the corner of the mansion took another left, passed along the side of a fishpond, and the rose garden Igor had been growing for the last hundred years, and arrived back exactly where he’d started out on the terrace.

Seeing Josephine still standing in the same spot as when he’d left, he said,

“Slave, a new virgin maiden thou bringeth?”

And without missing a beat, Igor answered, “Yes, Master.”

The Coont stared at the woman he’d just spent the whole night with. His deep red eyes sunken in the white skin on his face looking as though he’d been crying. His hair standing up straight in a tuft in the center of his head. Then he said to her as he held out his hand and twisted his bony fingers towards her face,

“I am Coont Draculi ... Cometh to I, thy maiden.”

And as she walked slowly to the vampire as he leered at her with his teeth bared. Josephine looked at Igor and said,

“Round two baby? I play - you pay.”

************

Strangely for Josephine, the taxi was still there when, at dawn, the vampire’s favorite lover came out the front door and clomped her way down the mansion’s steps in her high heels. The woman looking like a train wreck, still fully loaded with cocaine and whatever else she’d crammed into her bag the day prior. The Coont’s blood and spit in her matted bleached hair.

She opened the back of the taxi and said to the driver, who looked as though he’d been sweating, “Get the fuck downtown.”

Getting into the rear of the cab, she looked up at the meter to make sure it was turned on, only to notice it had not been turned off since she and the Coont had arrived there. Straight away, she snapped, “I’m fucked if I’m paying that! I never told you to wait!”

And she hadn’t, and neither had the Coont. The vampire not even knowing what a taxi was, let alone how they operated.

She carried on, as the driver took her through the gates, “Reset the fucking thing, or the ride’s going to be for free.”

Ignoring her, the cabbie kept driving as he continued to sweat. The Moroccan man not long in the country with his family of four in tow. Calling out the Koran under his breath in the early morning light as he took the winding roads which fell away down the side of the mountain, until Igor’s mansion was just a pinprick amongst the trees.

Josephine felt the sun come up and hit her as its rays breached the mountains to the east, and the city began to bask in its warmth. She opened her purse, looked at all the gold coins she now had and counted them twice. Fifteen coins, fourteen that had hit the ground in the garden as they smashed their way out of the dish that scarred-up fuckhead had thrown onto the lawn, along with the one she’d made the prick give her because that weirdo had come back for round two after she’d already been paid.

Fifteen, wow!

That had to be near on thirty thousand dollars - for letting the idiot act like a fool and bite her with those false teeth. Somehow though, she’d liked the feeling she’d felt when he did so, and his teeth pierced her flesh. Maybe they hit a nerve or something which connected to her clit. The sensation and arousal that overwhelmed her each time he did, was something beyond how she remembered feeling when things had stirred within her sexually in the past.

But that had been another lifetime ago, Josephine thought, as she got out of the cab without paying, just as she said she would if the driver didn’t reset the clock. Which he hadn’t. Waiting for the guy to protest, she reached the door to the shitty hotel where she kept a room and clomped her way through the reception and up the stairs. Her feet echoing all the way through the run-down building until she reached her door.

Josephine walked inside and hid the gold in her usual hiding spot behind the skirting board. She grabbed a towel, stepped out into the hall and locking the door, walked barefoot now to the communal bathroom that served that floor. As usual, there was someone in there. Kicking the door, she screamed through its cheap and dirty plywood structure, “Come on, for fuck’s sake?”

Then she waited almost thirty seconds and was about to kick it again when the door opened. An overweight man with a huge beer gut and long balding hair came out. Looking at her, he said,

“Hey, patience, okay?”

Josephine watched as he took another few steps away from her down the corridor. His flat feet leaving wet footprints on the worn-out varnished wooden floor. Then she called out, “Fuck off, you fucking loser!”

Then as Josephine watched the man waddle away with his towel drooping away from his fat ass, half covering his psoriasis-covered legs, she wondered if she’d ever sucked the guy off. Chances were high, she thought, as she had most of the guys who lived and died in the rooms around her.

Yeah, she had, she thought as the guy opened the door to a room further along the corridor and immediately blasted Motörhead down the corridor even though it was only 6:30 am.

Stepping inside the bathroom, Josephine looked around the side of the toilet for any soap that had slipped down there and been long forgotten. Finding one, all hard and cracked in amongst the yellow pissy grime. She stripped off her new red dress, which was darker now on the shoulder straps close to her neck, and let it fall to the floor.

The shower felt good, even if the bathroom did smell as though the guy before her had just taken a dump. The hot water raining upon her head, trailing off down her skinny body. Some loser’s lost soap washing away the blood and spit from her hair and her neck and shoulders.

She took the soap again and began to wash her body, feeling the hardness of the old soap’s cracks scrub her skin. She reached down to her crotch and wiped it with the soap and felt a tingle she hadn’t felt also in a long, long time.

Wow, she thought, what was it with this idiot and his dramatics that made me feel alive again? Could it really be the way he pretended to drink my blood? She liked the feeling and lightheadedness when he bit down into her neck. But the line of coke she’d snort on straight after had washed that out along with the nausea she’d felt when he’d held her head back and dribbled saliva and blood into her open mouth, the same as he had with that shithead who drove the taxi.

Now, though, it was time to crash, if she could, before she went out and cashed those coins in. Then, she’d definitely have another spend-up.

Josephine threw her teeth on the bed and lay down and when she awoke, they were on the floor. She could still hear Lemmy playing along the corridor, so she had either not been asleep long, or she’d been out all day because she knew the guy worked. Josephine got up, accidentally treading on her teeth. Picking them up, she walked to the small room sink and took a piss in it. Running her teeth quickly under the tap as she did, she tried to put them in. But something didn’t feel right.

Fuck, I’ve broken them!Josephine thought as she hopped back down and felt her bare feet on the dirty, broken linoleum. Taking her teeth back out, she looked at them - they seemed okay. Trying again, she popped them back in and chomped down, trying to force them against her gums, but they weren’t fitting. Turning back to the one small part of the mirror that was still there, she looked inside her mouth, poking her finger around as she did.

Oh my god! she thought. She had teeth coming through like a little kid! Shocked, she stepped back and looked to the broken mirror at her face. Not only that, her skin looked good. Where were the premature wrinkles and the darkness around her eyes? Then she noticed her hair was different.

Josephine stepped back away from the mirror and tried to see herself in full view. Her hair was definitely black now and longer. She’d put on weight and had curves also, and her skin was now tight.

Fuck me, she thought. It must have been the amount of drugs she’d done the night before with that weirdo. On that note, she picked up her red dress back off the floor and put it back on. Whereas before, it was slightly loose, strangely now it fitted tight. She slung on her heels. Grabbing the coins from her hiding spot, Josephine threw them into her bag and was out the door.

She walked back down the corridor, passing the door with Motörhead blasting out of it. Josephine stopped, and with the full force of the base of her shoe, she kicked it as she screamed out, “Turn that shit off, you fucking loser!”

Still not knowing what time it was, she reached the foyer, clomped her way through it, and stepped outside. Seeing a cab sitting there at the side of the road, she walked over and got in and as soon as her ass hit the seat, she realized it was the same guy from the night before. She looked to the meter that was still running and now read $832. Looking to the guy, she said, “I never told you to wait! ... I ain’t paying that, you fucking asshole!”

The taxi driver stared back. The man still sweating and in turmoil, his eyes frightened, but still asking her where she’d like to go. Sitting back and feeling the black vinyl seat cover on the back of her arms, Josephine told him.

First, she hit the gold shop and cashed in all the coins, making the guy behind the counter a happy man with his fat commission. Then she had the taxi driver take her back to the beauty salon where she got her hair done, a facial, then her nails sorted and left the girls there a decent tip. Then it was off to Holt Renfrew, where she didn’t come out until she’d dropped $15,000 on a pair of knee-high leather boots, perfectly fitting black leather trousers, a tight silk blouse showing off her now suddenly ample bosom, and a jacket to match. Next, she saw Max, her drug dealer, who met her outside in his big, black Range Rover and feeling so sexy, she decided to forgo the second facial he was offering and decided to let him fuck her from behind on the backseat for free. Well, almost for free.

Then she bought all the drugs the guy had, less the price of the back door slam and after a quick freshen-up back at the salon, she found herself penniless again and clomping down the hall towards her room, looking like a million dollars.

Passing the room still blasting Motörhead, she caught the guy just coming out in his grey track suit bottoms and grey X-Files sweat top he’d gotten for free when he’d worked on the TV show in town some 23 years ago, back when he’d been slim, and he’d managed to scam an XL which for the last ten years had fitted. Passing him, Josephine said,

“Turn that shit off, asshole!”

Ray Raye watched the hooker who lived along the corridor pass him, mouth him off, and wiggle herself all the way to her door. Fuck, she looked good. This morning she’d looked seventy, but now she didn’t look a day over her real age of 33, and what a figure the girl had.

Fuck! He didn’t remember her looking like that the night six months ago when he’d been stoned and drunk, and she’d talked him into letting her suck him off without her teeth for twenty dollars. And had it been worth it? Fuck yeah, it had. After though, he’d felt sick and never went back for round two. But now? Yeah, it would be worth it. One hundred percent it would, and he only had three beers in him.

He followed her along the corridor. Stopping her at her door as she was just opening it with her key, he said,

“Hey, Jo, how you been lately anyhow? We’ve not got to talk much these days?”

Josephine remembered the guy fully now. She had sucked him off. She’d sealed the deal one time because she’d let him rattle off about how he used to be a roadie for Lemmy in Motörhead. The guy catching her down at the laundry machine mid-afternoon one day when he’d been bombed out his head, and she hadn’t and needed to be. Hence the hustle. This guy still looking the same now as he did back then. The same grey sweats and the stupid X-Files crew top. The guy growing out what hair he had left and keeping it tight in a ponytail. The fat fucking pig not moving on, the way she had. She asked,

“What the fuck do you want?” As he leaned against the wall trying to look cool, like he had six months back in the laundry room when he didn’t seem to have to work it so hard, Ray Raye replied,

“Catching up, you know ... Hey, you look good!”

She did - she knew that. She’d seen herself enough in all the mirrors she’d found today to know. And with the way her dealer had hit on her when normally with all the high-end girls putting it his way, he wouldn’t give her a second look. But not today.

Chancing it, Ray Raye put it all out there and said, “Hey, you know, you know, like the last time we were down in the laundry room here and you know ... had a ... bit of fun.”

Josephine looked at him and wondered if the guy was ever going to get to the point. Then he just said it,

“Well, you know it was good, and I was just wondering if you’d like to do it again?”

“You want me to suck you off?”

“Yeah,” Ray Raye answered nervously.

Josephine stared into the guy’s eyes, then she looked past him, down the corridor to the sound of Motörhead blaring out of his room. He had some nerve, this fat prick. But things were looking up for her these days, that was for certain. Normally, it would be her instigating the business as she stood there. Or when she walked the roads around the backend of the police station near Main Street, saying out loud things like,

“What have I got to do to give a guy a blowjob these days?”

Shit like that to get a guy’s attention. But today, the guys were all over her, and it made a change. Even this fat sweaty fuck had the nerve. Then she heard him say as he pulled the twenty out of his sweatpants pocket, which he was about to use to go buy a six-pack of Lucky from the liquor store,

“If you want to do it again, I’ll give you this.”

The cheeky fucker, Josephine thought as she stood there outside her room, looking and feeling like a million dollars. This was bullshit. It was a fucking insult. So she said straight back,

“I’m not doing a thing for less than forty.”

And without waiting for an answer, Josephine closed her door and started walking her sexy legs and ass back up the corridor towards Ray Raye’s room. Ray following, feeling himself getting hard as he watched the woman walk in her big black boots and tight leather pants. Fuck yeah, he thought, I’m going to give it. Give it to her hard. Just the way he used to do before when he was younger. When he was on the road with Lemmy and the boys, when there were all those headbanging groupies hanging around ... back then.

They reached Ray’s room, and with a guilty look along the corridor, he opened the door and let Josephine in. The blast of Motörhead louder now as they stepped inside. Josephine smelling the cigarettes and beer and body odor from the man more now than before in the corridor. Lemmy screaming in her ears from Ray Raye’s homemade state-of-the-art portable boom box with sub-woofers. In a practiced move, Josephine stopped by the door of the small room, she dropped down into a crouch so as not to ruin her new leather trousers. Sitting her ass on the heels of her new leather boots and waited for Ray Raye to give her the $40. Then saw the man’s shit-eating grin as he dropped his grey sweatpants and got his already engorged dick out.

Josephine looked at the man’s cock, standing proud and to attention below his fat gut. It was pretty big; she didn’t remember that from before. She could smell the thing also and the sweat from around his balls more than she usually could. Then, as she watched him stroke it and move towards her, so as he could position his fat gut above her head, she saw the big blue vein that ran along the side of his penis. Reaching out, she took ahold of his manhood. Feeling the artery engorged and full of blood pump in her hands, then she felt something else inside her. A feeling of lust building, something primeval taking over, she wanted him. She needed him in her mouth and as the fangs grew, Josephine parted her beautiful red lips and exposed them as her eyes turned black, and she snarled.

Her head and mouth snapped down hard onto the vein on the side of the man’s penis. Her fangs ripping through the flesh on his dick as her teeth dug in deep. And there Josephine held him by the door, hidden under his fat gut while she drank with an incredible thirst the blood from his body until he had no more blood to give.





CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Igor wasn’t having as good a day as Josephine. Truth be told, he was having a worse day than yesterday. It was not that the Lupei boys had found him again. Far from it. It was because it had taken him an age to get rid of the coked-out hooker and then, after that, even longer to get the Coont down into his coffin. The vampire so high off the cocaine in Josephine’s blood that he thought he was invincible and wanted to take on the sun. The Coont standing on the deck’s balcony railing - the same railing Igor had built to rest a beer on as he watched the sun go down. Back then, when he was relaxed and still enjoying the fact that he wouldn’t have to deal with the Coont as soon as it had.

The vampire up there, standing on the ledge Igor had designed. The Coont Draculi in his wellies, damaging the wood with his weight, screaming and snarling at the clouds as the sunlight grazed beneath them.

Igor thinking this would be the last time he’d bother to plead with the Coont to go and sleep as they were both about to die regardless.

But no, after the snarling and screaming at the sky, something eternal within the Coont had switched on as the light in the sky began to rise and panic set in. Leaving Igor behind and running for the safety of darkness with his cloak flowing behind. The Coont found his own way down into to the security of the cellar and along the dark passageway to the chamber at its end. Where the Coont had relaxed and settled down into his slightly singed ironwood coffin, lined with silk and sprinkled with a fresh layer of gold coins, courtesy of his slave. The vampire snatching out again, catching Igor by surprise after Igor had arrived in the dimly lit chamber. Igor saying “yes, yes!” in his mind moments before, delighted to see his master asleep in his coffin so as he could get the lid back on and screwed down tight. The Coont grabbing his wrist vice-like once more as the lid almost closed and was again yet to let go as his grip held fast.

So now Igor just sat there, steaming with anger with his ass on the cold, windowless cellar floor of his mansion. The rotting smell of the Lupei boy’s body still wrapped up in the carpet at the bottom of the stairs stuck in his nostrils. The man wondering how long now he’d have to wait there now as after closing his eyes for a bit, he’d lost track of time.

Full to the brim with frustration, he looked about the perfectly dark and gloomy cellar. A cellar he’d built to hold the Coont in. The perfect place for a creature of the night to shore up in and hide from the light and exactly where he should have placed him instead of being cocky and sticking the idiot in a condo.

Igor the great, all messed up. Tired, hungry, and very annoyed. Now stuck down in the cellar, worrying about the state his home had been left in since the Coont’s latest reign of terror had started.

There was still food all over the carpet upstairs. The kitchen was a wreck with its side door now in pieces. There was blood from that foul coked-out drug-dealing hooker all over his sofa. More, no doubt elsewhere, which he had still yet to see. Not only that, but the woman could be changing soon! Even though the Coont had not drained her of blood and killed her, Igor had seen him dribbling saliva and blood into her mouth, which was even worse.

What a goddamn disaster, he thought. All this and the Coont had only been out for two days! There was also his solo concert with his violin at the school he had coming up, which he needed to get on with practicing for. But here he was stuck again with his arm inside a coffin held down by this relic of the past with his leathery hand - this time with zero under-floor heating.

************

Sorin and Cristi sat outside the mansion in their rental car, each with their small share of the gold coins in their laps. How many other family members over the centuries had been sent out on a crusade to kill the Coont, only to sell their soul to the devil after being bought out by the man with scars? Some had, that was for sure. A few of the Lupei family offshoots possessed money and the houses, while many others worked the fields. The homes they’d managed to keep even during the communist days had never made sense to Sorin’s forefathers.

But it was beginning to make sense now that both boys had enough gold coins sitting in their laps to go home and buy themselves a house or a farm each. But where was the fun in that? What the boys both knew now, was the fact that, apart from losing the first battle, sadly, it seemed along with Philippe, who’d decided to go it alone the way he had, they had had a second battle and won. Well, kind of.

They looked up at the mansion, almost like a castle itself, with its fantastic view across the bay. All it needed was a moat and a drawbridge and some high-peaked turrets, and it would be done. They’d found the place easily after following the man with the scars as he’d left the apartment complex loading area in his gold Tesla with the Coont’s coffin strapped to the roof.

It was almost 2 pm, and the sun was shining bright. The treetops of the pines glistened. Putting their stash of gold coins in their pockets, they grabbed their backpacks along with their stakes cut from dowels.

They headed up the hill from where the car was parked. Then, they moved into the thickness of the trees for a while until they hit the wall. It had to be 18 feet high, made of Portland cement and ornate thick stones.

Using branches brought down by a storm, they scaled the walls, jumped down, and headed through the forest on the other side until they reached the gardens. Keeping low, they skirted its perimeter until they were square on the west side of the house. Then in a clearing, they crouched down. The place looked deserted, not a soul wandering around. No gardeners tending the lawn, no maids or staff usually in abundance in such a grandiose home.

Sorin asked without turning his head to look at Cristi, “Should we take a look from the other side?”

“It’ll be dark by the time we get over there,” Cristi answered as he stood and played with his hair. The kid wanting to run a comb across his head after tumbling from the jump but thinking better of it.

He wasn’t half wrong, Sorin thought. It had taken what felt like an age just to get where they were now as they’d waded through the unkempt brush below the trees.

They moved off, hunched over, across the open garden doing their best to keep to the sides of the big bushes and rose beds just beginning their first bloom. They reached the side of the mansion, stopped, and listened to the silence as the wind coming off the mountains played with the trees. Then they saw what was left of the kitchen door all over the path that led around the back of the mansion towards the patio.

Reaching the door, they waited, then looked inside to see the mess the Coont had left the night before as he’d ripped through in a drugged out state. Careful not to make a noise as they stood upon the broken glass, they slowly crept inside.

They carried on quietly through the wrecked kitchen. The hearts of the two cousins, who didn’t really get along, pounding faster with each of their footsteps, seemingly landing louder as they made their way into the silence of the mansion. Cristi looking to add to his collection of gold coins just as much as he looked and listened for the man with scars.

They reached the corridor and took the door which led out to the grandiose living room. Both boys happy to leave the wooden floor as they stepped onto the carpet. Stopping, they looked to the food on the floor, then to the buffet table, and trays. Josephine’s blood now dried and brown on the sofa. Moving close to his cousin, Sorin whispered,

“I think there’s been a fight and a chase.”

Cristi not really knowing either way but nodding anyway. As he looked to Igor’s violin resting on its stand and caught a glimpse of his own reflection in a cabinet, he said, “I don’t think anyone’s home.”

Sorin was thinking the same but was too frightened to take the chance of becoming noisy. His spider senses nonetheless on full alert. He didn’t feel the same instinctual fear here that he’d felt the moment he’d set foot in the apartment the day before. There he’d felt the presence of evil when he’d been mere feet from the vampire.

The same evil his grandfather and the older family members had told him about as they’d sat him and Philippe down before they’d made the trip. The boys’ grandfathers whispering as they’d sat around the log fire,

“You’ll know the moment you are close. You’ll need to be brave. You will feel the evil long before you see him, but only venture in the daylight hours when he will be sleeping.”

Philippe, though, it seemed, had not listened.

Sorin turned to Cristi and whispered, “I don’t feel it.”

But the moment Cristi had looked away from his own reflection and moved towards the opening leading to the foyer, he had. And as small as the instinctive feeling was, Cristi knew the Coont was somewhere within the same walls.

He shook his head and whispered as his eyes looked past the stairs along the foyer,

“No, he’s here - I know it. Same as yesterday, I can feel it.”

Sorin felt his stomach turn again as they stepped over the food on the floor and moved through the living room. Creeping out onto the marbled floor of the foyer, they looked at the marvel of Napoleon’s twin chandeliers flanking the wooden staircase and the paintings by Gauguin, Cézanne, and Monet, which lined the walls.

Then as Sorin looked further along the marbled foyer towards the foyer’s end, he also felt the undeniable truth that the Coont was there with them somewhere in the house. With his hair standing up on his arms and neck, he looked up into the corners of the high-ceilinged foyer for vampires, despite it being daylight.

“Beware, for if he is active, he will spawn others, and these disciples will be drawn to him,”

Sorin’s grandfather had told him and Philippe. “They will hide up in amongst crevices and corners of the ceiling. They will be deceptive and without fear as they stay close to their master.”

They stopped at the bottom of the staircase and looked up at its hardwood steps. Sorin stepped towards them and, raising his foot, placed his weight gently on the side of the staircase. It creaked - the steps were old. You could send a fairy up them, and they’d make noise. He shook his head and moved along through the foyer, passing the huge front door.

They reached the foyer’s end and listened to the mansions silence. There, they found the door that led to the cellar. Slowly they opened it, surprisingly, without making a sound and the moment they did they felt the existence of the evil that lay within and caught the rotting stench of their cousin, Philippe, as he lay below.

Holding a hand in front of their noses, they both pulled a stake from their backpack as they looked down the corridor away from the putrid air. Each taking a deep breath before they stepped onto the stone staircase that led down into the basement.

They held the wall to the side, moving down one step at a time as they descended deep under the mansion. The daylight flooding in from the open door at the top lighting their way for the moment and keeping them safe.

Reaching the bottom, they stopped on the last step and looked around. Pulling a small flashlight from his pocket, Sorin switched it on. Digging the beam into the corners of the large cellar where the daylight from above could not reach, he looked around. The ceiling higher than they’d both expected. There wasn’t much down there— just the odd piece of furniture, a rolled-up carpet left to one side, and some large iron clamps laying on the floor in a pile by the wall. Two passageways on either side led further under the mansion. One completely black; the other projecting the orange glow of a candle that was soon to run its course as it graced the passageway’s walls in the distance.

They stepped further out using the carpet roll as a stepping-stone. As their weight hit home, they felt the inside squish. Sorin and Cristi looked at the carpet. Something was odd about its shape. The center where they’d just stood was larger than the outer edges. Cristi looked at Sorin. Both standing in the daylight from above with their hand and T-shirts covering their noses. Dropping his T-shirt down, Cristi mouthed to his cousin,

“Gold coins?”

Giving his cousin, whom he barely knew, a strange look, Sorin shook his head. Why would there be coins hidden in the carpet? he thought. Cristi nodded to him, his eyes indicating that there was some in there. Stepping back, he looked at the way the carpet lay, and pushing it away from him with his foot, he slowly rolled the carpet out more and more.

Slowly the carpet laid itself out across the cellar’s stone floor as it got thinner, and the blood from their cousin became more and more exposed until he was all that was left at the end.

Cristi stood above him in shock as the true cause of the smell they had been dealing with became apparent. The light from the cellar door above catching Philippe as he lay there before them with his throat cut open and looking back at them with his dead eyes, almost as though he was pleading for help. The young boy’s body resting close to the three iron clamps he himself had removed which Igor had used to keep the Coont’s coffin sealed.

Almost instantly as Sorin turned his face away from the macabre spectacle, Cristi puked, and at exactly the same time as Cristi’s vomit hit the bloodied carpet next to his cousin, the Coont released his grip on Igor’s wrist.

************

Igor felt the leathery grip of the vampire’s hand release his wrist and looked along the passageway toward the entrance to the cellar where he’d seen the daylight from upstairs suddenly shine. Then there had been nothing until he’d heard the shuffled roll of the carpet and then the vomit splash as it hit the ground. He stood quietly and looked to the light in the far distance and then to the Coont’s coffin. It was almost closed now, the lid down lining up almost perfectly in the manner the carpenter had meant it to, except for the Coont’s fingers on his right hand which had just released Igor’s wrist and were now sticking out the side of the casket.

He almost had him back in. All he needed to do was get the clamps and then gently push the vampire’s fingers back inside the casket. The clamps to lock him down, though, were hidden alongside the carpet where he’d left them to avoid arousing the Coont’s suspicion.

Who was down there now? Vomiting his guts all over the floor. The Lupeis probably? If it was one of them, or both even, and they pulled a similar stunt to yesterday, then there’d be no sprinklers and a fire brigade to come to the rescue. It wasn’t good.

Slowly he walked towards the light that grew brighter. His bulking presence filling the tunnel as he closed the distance. The sweet putrid smell of death growing stronger with every step. He reached the entrance to the tunnel and looked at the body at the end of the open carpet, now unraveled on the floor. Then to the clamps and the puke a little off to the side. He stood silently, listening for movement upstairs first, then closer within the cellar itself.

Moving himself slowly on the carpet, Igor stood at the bottom of the stairs. His scarred face caught in the half-light from the open door above.

If whoever had been down there had gone upstairs, he should have caught the light change as he’d walked towards the cellar’s main area. He knew that. So, either he’d missed it and was alone, or someone was still down there, tucked away in a corner, or had disappeared into the other passageway tunnel on the other side.

Ignoring the smell, he looked about, then to the thick metal clamps now lying close to the dead Lupei kid.

He could chance it, he thought. Grab them and run down there quickly right now. Shove the Coont’s fingers back in, slam the lid down tight, wrap those clamps around the coffin and throw the bolts in. The ironwood was thick and strong, and the fire in the bathroom would have hardly touched its strength. Once that was done, all he’d need to do would be to hunt down those kids, then do the same with the hooker, except with her, he’d be putting a stake through her heart instead of sending her back to Romania. In under a minute, he could be back on track.

But the Coont had let go at exactly the same time he’d also heard the puke land. If he came back down there with the clamps and the Coont was out, or he woke whilst he was putting them on, then he’d smash his way out and kill him for certain.

Goddamn it, he thought as he looked back up the stairs.

And then he heard it, the sound of footsteps running from above.

Quickly Igor ran up the stone steps, into and through the foyer, through a side door, and into the kitchen with its broken door. Stopping when he reached the outside, he stood and looked down the garden. His eyes searching past the lawn to the sides of the bushes and hedges he’d tended and grown himself for so many years.

Then from within the forest to the side, he saw the movement of birds as wood pigeons and crows made their escape, bursting from the tree line. Whomever it was inside the cellar was now moving fast down the hill towards the stone wall. Those two kids, he thought, from yesterday with their dowel stakes and their makeshift spears and kitchen firebombs. Yes, go run, you two, run, for I will deal with you later.

But it wasn’t the two of them running terrified through the woods. It was just Sorin, as Cristi was still hidden away in the cellar, and not only that, he had found the chamber where the Coont’s slave kept his gold.

************

Cristi squeezed himself into the corner of the black room at the end of the second corridor in the hope that pushing himself harder into the stone would somehow allow the stone to absorb him completely, making him invisible. Where in reality, it was only the darkness of the room that allowed him this capability.

The musty cobwebbed chamber was full of old dark mahogany trunks decorated with tanned leather and strengthened with brass. Cristi unwittingly making his way to it as he’d heard the man with the scars move along the other passageway. Sorin being closest to the stairs hugging the shadow side as he raced up them like a rat out of a kitchen. Cristi having no place to go but deeper into the cellar, having lost the advantage Sorin had gained because of his own uncontrolled vomiting. Now though he could hear what could only be the man with the scars returning and by the sound of it, he was picking up something metal.

Cristi pulled himself out of the corner he’d prized himself into and moved slowly to the door as the sound of the man with the scars faded back down the other passageway.

Breathing the damp cold air deep into his lungs as he slipped out of the room, Cristi felt the cold stone with his hands as he hugged the wall of the passageway and made his way back down to the main cellar. The footsteps of the man with the scars slowly getting quieter as he headed back toward the faint candlelight.

He made it to the large cellar room and cupped his nose again from the smell of the dead cousin he hardly knew. The light from upstairs seemingly brighter now in the darkness as it washed across Philippe lying dead on the floor. The big iron clamps that had been lying next to his body now gone.

He walked further in as he heard the man with the scars’ footsteps stop. Then, the sound of a man hitting what could only be a wall and then the floor. Just as he was about to step over the body of his dead cousin, he heard the low, deep, blood-curdling voice of the Coont bellow out his name from the other end of the passageway,

“LUPEI!”

Cristi stopped in his tracks. The daylight calling him to make a run for it. But if he did, the Coont could be right there hiding in the darkness of the other passageway. Either the vampire or the man with the scars. But I had not heard anyone come back down, so how could there be? Cristi told himself as he stared across the cellar towards the dark passageway.

Slowly he moved across the blood-stained carpet towards the stairs. Moving closer, he reached the stair’s bottom as the light from upstairs blanketed his body. Then looking to his left as he began to creep away back up towards the light, he saw the Coont standing there in the darkness of the passageway. The vampire staring at him with his black, sunken eyes, emanating pure evil as he raised his hand, beckoning Cristi to him, saying,

“Cometh hither, Lupei. Cometh to thy Master.”

As his heart seemingly stopped and piss hit his pants, Cristi froze and stared at the monster his family had spoken of for so many centuries. The demon vampire, right there in front of him, trapped in the darkness, unable to move any closer into the daylight. Again, the Coont spoke slowly to him as Cristi stared in awe,

“Cometh ... Lupei.”

Faster than he’d ever run in his life, Cristi broke free from the vampire’s trance and was up the stairs and out the broken back door of the mansion and into the trees. The kid subconsciously wishing he could shed his backpack and jacket, hoping it would create speed. The boy from Romania sending the birds above him again into the canopy. He hit the high wall at the other end of the garden, scaled it with surprising ease and dropped down beside the wall on the other side, with his hands and face bleeding.

Sliding down the bank, he found the road and then the car. Reaching the back of the car, he stopped. Leaning over with his hands on his knees, Cristi caught his breath. Still jittery at the thought of being chased, he looked around. Then he heard Sorin say from deep within the trees,

“Yeah, that’s the way I felt when I got here as well - except I didn’t piss myself.”

Cristi looked to his crotch then up into the trees. The kid happy to hear the sound of a familiar voice. Then he saw Sorin sitting to the side on the back of his heels. Smiling, but still shaken, Cristi said,

“I saw it. I think I saw the chests where he keeps the gold!”

Sorin smiled, then laughed, then said straight back as he stood and began making his way back toward the car. “By the look of you, I thought you were going to say you saw the vampire?”

And Cristi replied,

“Yeah, I saw him as well; that’s why I pissed myself.”





CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Igor woke up and felt the dried blood from where the vampire had backhanded him in the face. He looked to the end of the passageway to see the daylight still dropping down from above. Standing, he looked about as he felt his nose. The Coont having surprised him as he’d hurried back towards the vampire’s coffin carrying the clamps. The vampire lashing out at his slave without speaking, hitting Igor against the wall.

He gazed about in the darkness and walked to the coffin, which was now empty. The clamps now scattered next to where he’d hit the floor. How long had he been out? he wondered. Then turning, he saw the demon. Up high against the dark chamber room’s ceiling, not sitting or lying but just there in a crevice that Igor had not seen before.

The Coont looking down at him, the vampire’s white face caught in the low light of the small burning candle. His black, beady eyes staring down, just watching.

How many years had it been since the vampire had last struck me? Igor thought as he walked away down the passageway towards the light coming down the stairs. Reaching the steps, he walked back up without looking back. He reached his big grandfather clock that sat by the door in the foyer, it was around four in the afternoon. He had a couple of hours before he was supposed to get the Coont up and out of his coffin if he’d stayed in it.

Where he’d do just that, only to be spoken to like dirt. But not today he wouldn’t. Not after that backhand. He could get himself up when the sun set, or get himself down from that crevice he must have clawed for himself into the basement ceiling.

He reached the big living room, and ignoring the food all over the floor, he let himself out onto the big deck that looked out across the bay and the garden.

Where down there had those kids scaled the wall? he wondered.

He looked to the deck’s railing with its top that now needed fixing. It certainly had once been a great place to lean against and have a bite to eat and a beer as he watched the sun drop from the sky, knowing he could rest. But those days were now, for the moment, certainly gone. He took a deep breath and wondered when he’d last eaten.

Igor hit the kitchen, and shook his head as soon as he saw the mess and the broken door. Picking up what wasn’t broken, he made it to the fridge, opened the door, pulled out some cheese and some ham, and found some bread that was still okay. Pouring himself some milk, he quickly made a sandwich.

************

When he woke up, he could feel the stab wound in his chest aching from the way he’d been lying against the granite kitchen top while sitting on the kitchen chair. It was dark outside, and he’d missed the setting of the sun. He looked up to see a man standing there in the darkness, looking at him through the window. His face pale, and his balding hair pulled back in a bun at the rear. The guy looking half-dead in his grey tracksuit pulled tight over his fat gut.

Oh God, here we go again, here they come, Igor thought as he took a bite out of the rest of his half-eaten sandwich, which still tasted good. It wasn’t normal for the Coont to have sucked the lifeblood out of a man, but it did happen, and when it did, they always turned, came back to life, and somehow found him.

Igor walked through his mansion to its other side and wondered if the fat guy with the ponytail would follow him. He reached the large living room, stopped at the buffet table, and picked it back up. Reminding himself that he’d need to call the restaurant to come and get it the next day. He’d have to call a carpet cleaning company also, and a carpenter as well, for that matter. Then he heard the doorbell ring.

He opened the front door to see Josephine standing there in the darkness in all her glory and a taxi sitting in the drive with its lights off. What in God’s name was this piece of trash doing here? Igor thought and was about to ask just that when with the subtlety of a Hollywood diva entering a restaurant on Sunset Boulevard, Josephine was in the door. The woman in her big boots pushing past Igor as though he wasn’t there and entering his mansion as if it were her own.

It was dark. The Coont should have been up by now and driving him crazy with his demands, but he wasn’t. If he was lucky, he could get rid of this hooker before the Coont even knew she’d been there. Then as if he’d been reading Igor’s thoughts, he heard the vampire’s voice call out,

“Slave, prepareth thou for thine queen.”

Igor turned around and looked up. Once again, he saw the vampire holed up in a crevice he’d dug for himself, this time in the ceiling of the foyer. Looking down, Igor noticed the mess he’d made upon the marble in doing so. He answered,

“Thine queen of past years be gone, Master.”

And gone she had many centuries before. By the hand of Igor himself as he’d dragged her screaming into the sun before chasing down and cutting off the heads of her ladies in waiting.

“Silent be thou,” called out the Coont as he dropped to the floor and landed with his wellies in the middle of the scratched-out ceiling plaster now all over the marble. Gesturing towards Josephine, the Coont said,

“Bow before thy queen, slave.”

Igor stared at the drugged-out hooker he’d pulled from an alley as she stood before him. Josephine holding herself as though she was indeed the queen, and this was her palace. She certainly appeared different. The woman filling out. That drawn-out scrawny look she’d worn when they’d first met, now long gone. Then he heard the Coont tell him again,

“Slave, bow before thy queen!”

And at his Master’s command, Igor slowly knelt before the woman. Josephine standing there in her leather boots and trousers, baring her teeth, showing off her fangs as they sprang out in front of her deep red lips. Her hair, now long and black gracing the sides of her bosom. Holding out her hand for him to kiss, she said,

“Yeah, bow the fuck before me - slave.”

Could it be worse? Igor thought. The words blowjob queen drifting through his mind as he knelt before this woman. This same woman who’d just gone and simply picked up a pair of leather trousers and boots at the store was now being declared a vampire queen by the one person in this world who could end his life on a whim. He heard the Coont call out, “Slave! Bringeth I a virgin maiden to thine castle!”

Igor stood and looked about as Josephine strutted through to the large living room, picking up the carpet with her new heels. Gesturing to Igor as she passed the food still all over the floor, she demanded,

“Clean this shit up!”

Ignoring her, Igor looked over to the Coont, wondering what in God’s name had gotten into him. This woman was not worthy of the title queen in his home or anyone’s, except perhaps her own. Where were the standards the Coont had once had? When the queen of his choosing had charm and class and education? They’d had elegance and beauty and deserved the title bestowed upon them. How many times had he bathed in the beauty they beheld? Even if he had killed them in the end.

Then he saw Ray Raye standing outside again, having moved around from the kitchen and heard Queen Josephine shout at him through the window, “Stop following me, you stupid cunt!”

Igor closed his eyes and wished he could do the same with his ears. He opened his eyes again and looked to his violin sitting alone in the middle of his living room that now resembled a train wreck. The man with scars wondering yet again how many nights had it been since he had sat here alone and played? Three at the most, but now it seemed like a lifetime. All because of those damn Lupei kids.

“Slave, bringeth virgin maidens to thy castle.”

Then just as he was about to suggest they dine out, Igor realized the Coont was not talking to him at all as he heard the Coont call out again in Arabic to the taxi driver who had been waiting outside.

************

The taxi’s meter had just cruised past $2,144 as the taxi driver watched the big gate of the castle on the hill close behind him in his rear-view mirror. The man not having been home now for two nights. He was beginning to smell as bad as the underside of his backseat. A backseat which in its day had been covered in puke, spit, blood, and sperm in various amounts since the Prius had been rolled out of the showroom some eight years before. The taxicab since having had as many drivers’ hands holding the wheel as Queen Josephine had had men holding her ears over a long weekend.

Now though, Hamza Yassine Brahim leased the car and was at the wheel. Hamza, a devout Muslim husband and father, newly arrived in the country with his wife and children in tow. The quiet and gentle man ready to start a new life in Vancouver after living the first third of his life in the city of Sallee in Morocco.

The man on his knees five times a day praying to Allah for a better life and saving all he could in the meantime just in case his God didn’t come through. The man hellbent, having reached the promised land, on making it work either way for his wife and kids now that they’d arrived. Working double shifts for a month with his new Canadian permanent residency card sitting proudly in his back pocket. Unlucky enough now though to find himself cursed and the newly appointed slave to the Coont Draculi after picking up a bad fare and being bitten and then forced to drink the blood and saliva of a vampire.

Hamza somehow knowing exactly where to go as he found his ladies waiting at the bottom of Blood Alley, which emptied out just across the road from the war memorial on Oppenheimer Park. Three virgin maidens in short skirts and high heels disguised as skank crackhead hookers. Candy, the tall skinny one with the blond hair holding out her phone as though she’d just spoken to someone, saying with her rotted out teeth as Hamza pulled up by the curb,

“You the one taking us to West Van?” Simone and Dell both smoking as they waited by her side.

Candy sat in the front with her silver skirt, almost showing she was without knickers. The nipples on her goat-like breasts peeking through as they squashed against the safety belt. Hamza’s sincere Islamic faith, locked within his soul, trying desperately to break through the trance the Coont had put him in as he drove back through town. The meter still whirring onwards as he headed towards the mansion. The Moroccan man hearing Candy say, “We ain’t paying that,” as she watched the meter roll. Hamza not caring as he smelt the women’s cheap perfume and the sweetness of the crack they’d been poisoning themselves with throughout the day.

He reached the gates to the mansion that swung open as he pulled through and drove up the graveled drive. Pulling up behind a black Range Rover, the women got out. Each one instinctively preening as they looked up upon the mansion’s walls and large main door as it opened and the man with the scars came out.

Igor watched them pass as they walked up the steps to the doorway and entered his home without speaking. The women’s dirty, scuffed-up high heels clinking on the marble tiles as they wandered through without even a look at the beauty of the paintings or chandeliers.

Max, the drug dealer, was standing in the living room. The guy not wanting to sit on the crème leather sofa for fear of getting the dried blood on his clothes and wondering how long Josephine was going to keep him for and when the gold coins she’d spoken of were going to materialize.

He said to the weirdo dressed up as Dracula, “Hey, I need to get going.” And then looked across to Ray Raye, who was standing by the music center, looking gormless in his track pants.

Turning and twisting her frame to Igor as he entered the room, Josephine quickly said, “Slave, give me my gold now.”

Your gold? Igor thought as he walked through the room. Grabbing his violin and bow, he reached into his pocket and threw a handful of coins he’d taken from the Coont’s casket into the crusted food on the floor in front of Josephine’s feet in protest. Then carried on passing Josephine without looking at her. He reached the other women and then respectfully handed each of the three women a coin each. Leaving, Igor called out to the Coont’s new queen,

“Watch out, there’s garlic down there!”

He took the corridor which led to the kitchen that no longer had a rear door. Then the back staircase, leading to his bedroom. Reaching it, he sat on a leather stool that he’d bought long before this latest queen had been born and then later decided to ruin her life through drugs.

Taking a deep breath, Igor placed his violin to his neck and began to play. The violin’s strings soothing his soul as they called out to him. How many days did he have now before the mini-concert he’d agreed to play for anyone interested? How many hundreds of years had he practiced with this instrument before he knew he was truly ready? Some would say it was the instrument, but it wasn’t. Having what had to be the oldest and most expensive violin in the world helped indeed. But he also knew there was no one out there these days who could play the way he did.

He looked at the calendar on the wall that he’d checked off week by week, day by day for the last six months. Practicing every piece, recording every note to compare his skill to that of the masters living now or from before. There was Perlman and Millstein and others who were close. But, as skilled as they were, they were also hindered by mortality. None had the advantage of the years it had taken Igor to master the craft.

He had two more days before he’d show the world what he was made of. In maybe less than that, he also knew he would soon have to cull this horde of vampires that was already beginning to grow.

************

The Coont was confused. For the first time in this world, he felt the presence of an evil that was perhaps stronger than his own. This mortal who’d arrived in his black chariot. Now standing there with his bag, showing no fear of the Coont. The man posturing and making demands in the Coont’s new castle in a ‘franc’-like language he did not quite understand.

Igor also would need to be disciplined again. The slave showing disrespect to his new vampire queen. It was all certainly strange here, wherever here was. It was the future, that was certain. He’d been locked up for so long though, he’d lost track of time. So, it was possibly longer than he realized. And they definitely weren’t in Romania anymore. He’d understand more of the language if they were.

The mortal with the black chariot, though, was the issue at the moment. He also carried a weapon of some kind under his long cloak. Igor should have sensed this and not disappeared. Nonetheless, even though his slave had deserted him, he was in his own castle, and it was time to take control. Stepping forward in his cloak and wellies and holding his hand out in front of his chest and pointing for emphasis, the Coont said,

“A soul within of evil thou doeth possess!”

Then followed it up with, “I, though, beholdeth evil greater than thou.”

This was a strange one, thought Max, the drug dealer, who liked to keep mobile. This hooker who used her mouth to earn her living now looking fine. But why did she hang with these rich assholes who were throwing chocolate money on the floor and disrespecting him after he’d driven all the way out here from downtown?

Looking straight to the strange guy in wellington boots dressed as a vampire, he simply said,

“Listen - Don’t waste my time, baby.”

Then, as quickly as the idiot in the wellies had disappeared, the man was suddenly behind him. The drug dealer spun, thinking for a moment that perhaps he should not have used the product he was selling on the way over. He definitely was seeing things. Then as the Coont disappeared again for a moment, he realized it was the man who’d moved unnaturally fast and not his mind. It was definitely time to get the fuck out of there. Seeing the door that opened out onto the large deck, he headed towards it. Then as if by magic, the strange man with the wellington boots was there also. The drug dealer looked to the crack whores, standing looking wasted with their high heels dug into the dried food on the carpet. He then looked to Josephine, whom he’d fucked doggie style in his Range Rover earlier in the day.

Had they not seen this? Looking back to the Coont, Max said, “Fuck man, what’re you on?”

And as he did, the Coont disappeared again at just the same time as he felt the vampire’s teeth sink into the side of his neck.

The Coont held him there as the drug dealer’s legs buckled for a moment before the Coont let go of him altogether so as he could fall to the floor. The Coont truly sensing the man’s evil as his blood touched his mouth. Turning his red eyes to Josephine, he said as he spat the drug dealer’s blood down onto the white carpet,

“I shalt not pollute my body with blood thus foul.”

With only a few fingers on his right hand, he lifted Max and held him there two feet off the ground. And then, with the faintest movement of his arm, threw him with incredible force through the plasterwork of the wall, scattering incredible works of art by French masters in the process.

Without further notice, the Coont carried on. Turning slowly to Josephine and the crack whores she’d arranged for him, he said in his best English which he’d picked up the previous night on Granville Street,

“Let’s get the party started, baby!”

************

Whatever that was, it was big, Igor thought as he stopped playing and lowered the violin from his chin after hearing the drug dealer go straight through the wall downstairs. Closing his eyes, he counted to ten. Then, lifting the violin back up again, he resumed playing, and was just getting going again when he heard the shrieking and laughter of one of the whores below, followed by a drug-induced roar from the Coont. It was going to be a long night.

But in the morning, he’d already decided he was going to escape just before dawn. Then the Coont could find his own way to bed, along with his new demonic bride and whoever else they had sucked dry of blood and converted.

As the night came to its end and the sun began its rise, Igor left the mansion. The man with scars ignoring the Coont’s summoning calls and getting into his car and driving away to a place he knew the Coont could never make it safely back from in the cover of darkness should he try to sniff him out and come looking.

The sun rose, and with its soft golden rays blinding his eyes, Igor drove back to the mansion. The gates were open as he arrived. He pulled through and, ignoring the garage, parked again out front behind the taxi sitting outside with its meter running. Hamza Yassine Brahim, the Moroccan taxi driver who wanted a new start in life, still sweating and looking straight forward. The man seemingly trapped within a torturous trance, rocking his head slowly as he looked to the floor and then to the sky through his glass sunroof as he recited the Koran under his breath.

Moving up the steps, Igor pulled out his key and opened the big wooden front door to his mansion. There was blood on the marble tiles in the foyer, and from the front door, he could now see a hole in the living room wall. The room now an even bigger mess than it had been the previous evening. The gold coins he’d thrown into the caked-in food on the carpet were gone, as was the drug dealer. Noticing the paintings still on the floor next to the hole in the wall, he walked over, picked them up and put them on the dresser. The three hookers lay upon the carpet with blood running from their necks from bite marks and noses from the coke.

Walking over, Igor looked to see if they were still alive. Doing his best to keep away from any blood, he knelt down and felt one of the crack whore’s pulse. She was still with this world, but like the other two, she was looking pale. Standing back up, he called out to them all,

“Hey, wake up, time to go home, ladies.”

Nothing ...

He tried again, this time reaching down to shake each one’s bare leg.

“Ladies, wakey, wakey, girls.”

Slowly they stirred and came around, gradually getting to their feet as they unconsciously felt the blood on their noses before rubbing it into their hair. Watching them, Igor shook his head. It was a sorry sight. The slave feeling sad as he wondered how much lower these poor girls could sink. Then out of nowhere, he suddenly heard himself say,

“Girls, if I pay now for you all to get help, would you like some?”

Candy looked to him, her eyes a watery mess, her mascara now having run down one side of her cheek. She said, “You worry about the carpet and that hole in your wall, honey. We’re good.”

But they were far from good, and deep down they all knew that. As Igor watched them gather themselves up, he began to head to the door, and said,

“Then you need to leave and know that if you come back here again, these people will kill you.”

Taking Igor by surprise, Simone quickly said, “Fuck that! Jo owns this place, not you, she told us we could stay. You’re the butler. So show us our fucking rooms.”

************

Igor walked away, headed up to his bedroom, closed the door, and sat down on his large, four-poster bed.

Oh my God, how could it all have gone so wrong? he thought, as he wondered if the three women would be calling the police after he’d thrown them out the door. He opened his computer and looked at his calendar.

He had two days to go before his performance at the school. He checked his emails. Everyone was coming, it seemed, except one invitee from a radio station in Seattle who was asking if his cousin could take his place. It wasn’t him they wanted to see - he knew that. It was the Stradivarius they wanted to hear. When they heard it being played, though, they would not only hear the violin’s wonderful, unique sound. They would also know it was being played by one of the greatest violinists in history.

Two days, just two days, that’s all he had to put up with these idiots for the sake of his fingers. Then after that, he could afford to get truly physical.

He took a deep breath, picked up his violin, and in the practiced art of a virtuoso, drew it to his chin. The familiar sound of the horsehair bow upon the strings. Closing his eyes, he pressed his chord fingers down as he stroked the bow, feeling it float across the top of the violin as the pleasing notes drifted out from the inside of the ancient, handmade instrument.

Yes, this was it; this was what I’d missed, Igor thought as he listened to himself play in the silence of his room. He breathed deep, relaxing, the music soft and comforting, soothing him as it bounced off the walls. The ancient violin enveloping his entire being.

Then from outside, he suddenly heard Motörhead blaring out. Shaking the foundations as it ripped full blast from down below.

Putting his violin down, Igor walked to the window feeling the floor shake as he went. He looked out. Below, Ray Raye stood in his grey tracksuit playing air guitar to Ace of Spades on the patio facing away from the mansion towards the garden.

“Who in God’s name is this guy?” Igor asked himself out loud as he put down his violin, turned, and headed for his bedroom door.

He reached the top of the small staircase at the back of the house and headed down. The music easily twice as loud now as it had been in the bedroom. He hit the bottom of the stairs and took the direction of the kitchen towards the back door that was no longer there. Then went outside, walking quickly around the back of the house. Lemmy’s heavy metal music smashing Igor’s eardrums as it played full blast from Ray Raye’s homemade mega boom box, now linked remotely to Igor’s house music system.

He reached the garden just in time for Ray Raye’s guitar solo. Just in time for Ray Raye to reopen his eyes and bring his head down from the sky, and see the big guy with scars coming at him from across the garden.

Quickly Ray Raye took off his imaginary guitar and, picking up his homemade boom box, ran deeper into the garden. Ripping his track suit bottoms and white trainers in the rose beds as he ran. Stopping in the centre of the rose bed, Ray Raye turned, shouting,

“Get away from me, you fucking freak!”

His voice barely drowning out the blaring heavy metal music as he did.

Then, as it became more and more apparent that this man with scars all across his face was going nowhere except forward and towards him, Ray Raye who had once drunk Jack with Lemmy from Motorhead, turned and with his boom box held high above his head, he began to run. Treading down the rose bushes Igor had spent over a century cultivating.

With Lemmy still screaming out The Ace of Spades on loop from the boom box and the mansion and Igor in pursuit, Ray Raye ran with his fat gut wobbling until he hit the trees. Disappearing into the thicket of the forest which enveloped him first and Igor second. Smothering their existence in a manner which only the loud jarring music itself would let the world know that they were there at all.

But as Raye Ray and Igor entered the forest on one side of the garden, Cristi had exited on the other and Igor was about to find out that Ray Raye and his obsession with Motörhead and a few broken rose bushes were the least of his problems.





CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Cristi moved quickly across the garden and entered the house that was now familiar to him. He passed through the kitchen, cut through the small door that led to the foyer, and reached the door that led to the basement. The door was closed, but the light from the windows was strong enough that once he opened it, the cellar below would be bathed in daylight the same as it had been the previous day.

Sorin was still in the car. In his eyes, he could not see the point in chancing ending up the same way as their cousin. If they were to get the gold, then why not just get it once they had a decent plan which would work and the Coont and the guy with the scars were dead. Going for the gold first was not worth the risk and not the reason they had come.

All the more for me, Cristi thought as he’d left the vehicle, already spending the money the gold would bring in his head as he climbed the wall on the south side of the mansion’s estate gardens.

Now he had to get into the cellar and that chamber room where he’d hidden the day before. If those wooden chests were as full of gold as he believed they were, he’d fill the rucksack on his back with as much as he could carry. Then, he’d get out again before the guy with the scars came back, or the Coont woke and managed to trap him somehow. It was a risky procedure, made only too clear by the fact that their cousin was lying dead at the bottom of the cellar staircase.

He opened the basement door slowly, and the smell that hit him confirmed that to still be the case. He knew roughly where the Coont slept during the day and the whereabouts for the moment of his slave keeper. This time, he had two large handheld mirrors and some smaller ones that he had clipped to himself in case he dropped the bigger ones and still needed to repel the demon should he be waiting in the shadows as he was yesterday.

Slowly he crept back down the staircase, his heart again pounding stronger with every step. The air felt cooler on his skin; the hair on the back of his neck standing on end. The stench of his dead cousin lying at the bottom of the steps now covered in flies was twice as foul.

With his hand covering his mouth and nose, he looked down the passageway to where the vampire had stood only the day before. He then looked back to his dead cousin, watching as the flies crawled out from the inside of his open mouth. The passageway on the other side of him that led to the chamber of gold bathed in darkness. Quietly he stepped over Philippe’s body that could so easily have been him.

Carefully he moved out of the light and into the darkness. He hit the passageway and felt the twisting in his stomach as it tightened so hard that he thought he would vomit right there and then as he had yesterday. His subconscious telling him, “turn back, turn back,” as his mind and greed overruled, pushing him further.

He made the door and shoved it open. How long had I been down here now? he wondered. Thirty seconds at the most. If he was quick, he’d be in and out in less than two minutes.

In complete silence, he moved into the room and turned on the flashlight on his phone. The chests were still there up against the wall as they were the day before. The trunks covered in dust and cobwebs. Quietly, he took off his rucksack and opened it. Then he opened the lid of the chest, hearing the suction of the antique leather seal break as he did.

The gold was there just as he thought, tucked away in the same chests his ancestors had described, and his family had told him to look out for. Bars of gold all stacked together like a bank robber’s wet dream, sitting alongside pillars of gold coins all lined up alongside each other, crammed together in a medieval teller’s drawer.

Placing his phone on the side and positioning the light into the chest, he reached in and grabbed a small gold bar, put it into his rucksack, and felt the weight. He grabbed another one and another, then two more, then three. He felt the weight. It was heavy, heavier than he’d expected. The bag still seemed empty. Reaching in again, he picked up another two, then stopped as he heard a noise come from the other side of the door.

Feeling his stomach hit his mouth, Cristi stood silent for the moment, neither placing back the gold in his hand nor taking it all the way out. Something was moving outside the door, and it seemed to be coming from above. Slowly he placed the gold in his hand back on the pile, leaving it at an angle.

Switching the light off on his phone, he stood there in the pitch black, not breathing. The shuffling from outside the door seemingly moving away back along the corridor. Switching the light back on, he looked back to the door. Slowly he put the rucksack on and walked over to the door. Fuck it was heavy, he thought as he cursed Sorin for not having the guts to join him. Taking a hold of the door handle, he slowly opened it and stood still listening. If he went now, then in thirty seconds more or less, he’d be out, he thought. Then he’d just need to avoid that guy with the scars and he would be rich. Taking a chance, Cristi held his breath and took a sneak look outside, then seeing nothing he stepped out into the darkness of the passageway and saw there was no longer any daylight coming from the main cellar.

With his heart hammering, he moved his way along the dark passageway in the direction he had come, feeling the same damp walls as he went. Terrified that, at any moment, the vampire would pounce. The gold weighing heavy on his back and legs. He reached the end of the passageway and the opening to the cellar where his cousin lay dead. The light from the foyer up top creeping in through the underside of the door barely lighting the figure that was now sitting silhouette upon the bottom of the stairs.

In the darkness, the flies found him.

Cristi held his breath, waiting as he did his best to ignore the flies that now had begun to crawl upon his face. The sweet sickly smell of his cousin burning his nostrils with every small breath he took. Then the figure at the bottom of the stairs moved, shuffling to its feet. Slowly it moved away from the stairs and disappeared into the darkness of the cellar. Its feet scratching and dragging on the cellar’s concrete floor as it went. Then it stopped.

Cristi stared into the darkness, the light under the door at the top of the stairs calling him as it reached down, kissing the steps and walls before it fell away into nothingness. Whoever was there in the room was now cloaked in darkness, just as he was.

Run, he thought, drop the bag, and fucking run! But with the noise and the time it took to remove the bag from his back, he could be halfway up the stairs and away. If he ran and anyone got in the way, he could spin himself around and use the bag’s weight as a weapon. If whoever it was grabbed the bag, he could ditch it like a gecko ditches its tail and be gone like lightning up the stairs.

Make the light, just make the light, he told himself over and over as he heard slight movement from within the darkness on the opposite side of the cellar. With a clunk, the door at the top of the stairs opened, sending a wave of light down into the cellar, agitating the flies even more and catching Ray Raye in its wake as he stood there squinting at the dead body on the floor.

Crouched low to the ground at the edge of the passageway, Cristi looked up to this guy with his ponytail hair and gut only twenty feet away. Then to the brightly lit stairs that were calling him on the other side. He could do it, he thought. He could blast past the fat prick like a squirrel up a tree and be gone. Just as he felt his adrenaline surge and was about to commit from his squat position, a figure emerged at the top of the stairs, blocking out the light as its shadow appeared, growing smaller as it came closer towards him down the stairs.

Cristi watched as the man with the scars reached the bottom of the stairs and looked around. The sword he held in his right hand catching in the light as he raised it whilst he walked about calmly, poking it towards the high ceiling. The guy with the ponytail watching him as he stretched his arm upwards. Then, like lightning, the man with scars, lowered his sword again, took two paces forward and thrust the sword out, stabbing the blade straight through Ray Raye’s chest.

With the sword still run through him, Ray Raye fell to the floor, settling with his body twitching in the throes of death next to Philippe’s body.

Cristi watched as the man with scars casually pulled the sword from Ray Raye’s body, and reaching down, grasped the man’s ponytail. Lifting his head up from the floor and with three slow and precise cuts down across the back of Ray Raye’s neck just below the ponytail, he severed the man’s head from his body.

With the air of a man putting out the trash, Igor dropped Ray Raye’s head down in between the two torsos. Looking up, he pointed the sword to the ceiling and said,

“You’ll be next.”

Then he heard the tired and raspy voice of the Coont calling him from the end of the other passageway,

“Igor ... Igor ...”

Transfixed, Cristi watched from the darkness as the man with scars turned his attention from the ceiling and looked towards the sound of the Coont’s voice. Spinning around, Igor began to walk away, pausing for a moment before entering at the opposite passageway’s entrance to leave his sword against the passageways wall.

Feeling the weight of the gold on his back, Cristi slowly stood and crept forward towards the two bodies on the floor. Reaching them, he looked up to the ceiling to where the man with the scars had been poking.

With her mouth covered in the blood she’d taken from her roommates’ necks, Carol looked down on Cristi. The young girl clinging like a bat in the darkness as she hid from the daylight in the hole she’d clawed away. Her red eyes and snarling teeth showing, her usually silky blonde hair now matted with the blood, wood, and plaster from the debris her long, sharp nails had clawed away.

************

Igor reached the end of the dark corridor and looked at the empty ironwood coffin laying on the floor in the centre of the chamber. Then he heard the Coont’s voice from above. The vampire, tucked away, hiding in the hole he’d carved in the ceiling, close to Josephine, who had clawed out a crevice for herself on the opposite side.

A hundred and fifty years ago, when the mansion had been built, it was very fashionable to ask for a cellar to be dug deep, so that the ceilings could be high. Now though Igor regretted it, for if the cellar areas were starting to become infested with demons, it was going to be problematic in getting them down.

It was daytime, and they were vulnerable, and they knew it. The Coont strangely more so than Igor had ever seen him before, when centuries earlier the vampire would have put his trust in his keeper to guard his coffin whilst he slept in his preferred manner on a bed of luxurious silk and gold. Looking up at the Coont, who was now just out of reach, even if he’d still been carrying his sword, he said,

“Yes master?”

The Coont looking down on him with his red eyes and leathery skin. His bony fingers clinging to the wooden beams and ceiling brick. He said,

“Kill thy Lupei, whom cometh to thine castle.”

Queen Josephine then called down to him as she clung to the ceiling like an upside-down rat.

“Slave?”

Ignoring her, Igor answered the Coont, in a manner which he himself found difficult to believe he had slipped so easily back into, “The Lupei, they do not cometh Master.”

“They are here, slave - doubteth I hath not.”

“Slave!”

Igor heard Queen Josephine call down again. And as he was about to placate the Coont by telling him that he would search for the Lupei, he heard Queen Josephine’s condescending voice say again,

“Answer to your queen, slave.”

Igor stared up at her and wished he had not left his sword at the start of the passageway in fear of the Coont taking its presence the wrong way. The vampire possibly seeing him holding it as a threat to himself and, despite being hindered by his wellington boots, kill him instantly with his speed and strength.

By the way she’d positioned herself, it would have been an easy toss of the ancient sword. The weighted blade holding straight as it did so well would have easily caught the cock-sucking queen in the throat and brought her to the ground. Same for the newly arrived young girl who was clinging to the ceiling at the bottom of the stairs.

But she could wait, along with this new queen, until his violin performance was complete.

He said, ignoring her still as he looked at the Coont’s wellington boots,

“Why for you rest without sleep, Master? You have comfort below. I will protect thee.”

But that was the Coont’s problem, and he was becoming wise to it. Hence the reason he’d kept ahold of the slave he’d given immortality to. Holding him fast while he slept so as he could not close the coffin lid and keeping himself half-awake up in the ceiling when his slave wasn’t around. The Coont seeing the way the man had been living whilst he’d been locked in a box. The way he had not cared for him after he’d got out either. The slave’s incompetence costing him the toes on his right foot.

Truth was, after he’d bitten and spat blood and saliva into the Moorish chariot driver’s mouth, it was just a matter of time before the Coont’s curse took over the man completely. The Coont Draculi deciding Hamza would be a worthy slave, after the taxi driver had showed delight in understanding the Coont’s ancient Arabic he’d spoken.

The Coont sitting in the back of the newly arrived immigrant’s cab still confused at how it moved and asking where Hamza kept the horses whilst he drove him and Josephine back to the mansion. The master vampire happy to have someone else to speak to apart from the slave whom he could no longer trust.

The tanned-skinned mortals of the Islamic faith always taking their time to change, and this one, it seemed to the Coont, was no different. Once his curse had smothered the man’s faith and he became a slave who could be trusted, he’d gift him with eternal life. Then, he would sever Igor’s head and be done with the man, and the Islamic man could take over.

For the moment though, he was feeling the need for the blood of one of these maidens who occupied this new world he lived in. As after each taste of the first bite, his body just seemed to come alive every time like nothing he had ever experienced.

Igor turned and left the two vampires clinging to the ceiling and headed back down the passageway towards the light coming down the stairs from above. One thing though was bothering him, and it was the fact that according to the Coont, the Lupei kids were here again and the Coont for all his faults, was never wrong.

He reached the cellar area and looked to where he’d left his now bloodied sword to see that it was gone. Goddamn it, he thought. All he needed now was one of them boys to be waiting in the wings with that thing. He looked to Ray Raye’s body on the floor and then to his head. The man’s surprised eyes looking back at him, his mouth open, showing his brown, stained teeth. Then he looked to the ceiling to see the young girl was no longer clinging to the crevice she’d dug up there.

She would never have gone upstairs into the light, and she would have not dared come near the Coont, so she had to have gone further into the passageway down the tunnel. Stepping over the two bodies, he walked towards the passageway on the other side of the cellar. Igor stopped at its entrance and looked along its length as the light faded away to blackness. He moved along, the bricked ceiling lower and touchable if he stretched his frame. Then he saw her in the distance clinging again to the ceiling with her head twisted towards him and her hair hanging loose. The girl’s red eyes picking up the now faint light from the cellar beyond. Her body in a defensive stance as she snarled and hissed as spit dribbled from her mouth. Moving on, Igor carried on towards the girl as she snapped forward and back again as he approached. Stopping, he said to her,

“Oh, how sad am I to see you.”

And he was sad, sad to see such a young life ruined by what he could only determine to be the Coont or that drug dealing street hooker now turned queen. Then he said, “But don’t worry, I’ll be putting you out of your misery soon, my dear.”

Then he noticed the faint light from beneath the door to the chamber room where he kept his gold. Walking towards it, Igor stopped. Then, on the chance that one of those kids or anyone else was on the other side holding his sword, he kicked the heavy wooden door open hard. Instantly, he flipped on the small light, only to find that it was no longer working. He looked around. Bar the leather-bound chests, the room was empty, one of the chests’ lids was open. A phone, with its light still burning, was shining down onto the gold inside. The reflection now faintly lighting the room. He walked over, picked up the phone, and looked at it. Then, he looked inside to see the columns of gold coins he’d neatly spent time stacking years ago had shifted unevenly and verging on tumbling, much like a tempting amusement arcade game. On top of that, some of the gold bars were gone also, two of which were sitting at an angle.

He stood there and looked at the cobwebs and wondered if the spiders that had made them were still alive. Then he tried to remember how high he’d stacked the bars. Looking to where the cobwebs weren’t, he did the math. He remembered now, he’d stacked the bars 4 deep and 12 high and used a wooden inch ruler to stack the coins 8 inches high as they’d kept falling.

Leaving the phone with its light still on placed back where he found it, Igor walked away. He opened the other chests to find them still full as he’d remembered leaving them, just as Carol, still clinging from above, slunk her way slowly through the door into the room and crept up behind him on the ceiling. Her hair hanging to the side of her face as her head hung upside down. Her red eyes following Igor as he moved around the room obsessed with his gold. Her saliva dribbling the wrong way from her mouth to her eyes and dripping off of her forehead as it made its way to the floor.

Just as he was about to close one of the chest’s lids and turn away toward the door, Carol let go with her spiny fingers and dropped herself from the ceiling onto Igor’s shoulder. Ripping through his shirt she dug her now sharp talon-like nails into his skin. The girl who not so long ago liked to get high on E and dance in the clubs as the boys watched bit her teeth hard into the bottom of Igor’s neck.

Taken by surprise and spinning, Igor turned and, reaching up, dragged the newly formed vampire from his back and threw her to the ground. Looking at the girl as she landed on the dusty floor, he felt the wound on his neck. The girl had bitten deep. Annoyed at himself, Igor moved towards her as Carol crouched on all fours, snarling with his blood fresh upon her mouth. Her eyes glaring, her skin a shade of deathly grey. Stepping forward and lashing out, Igor kicked out at her, catching the girl in the face with his foot and feeling her rip into his calf with her strong talon-like nails for his troubles. Carol’s head hit the side of one of the trunks with a bang as she fell away from him. Then, not being done, the screaming girl came at him, lashing her arms about as she jumped, trying to scratch out his eyes.

With the muscle memory of an old warrior, Igor side-stepped the girl, batting her flailing arms down as she came at him and kicking her feet out from beneath her in one swift move. The girl hit the floor, and the moment she did, she was off again, running on all fours towards the door as her shrieking screams pierced the silence of the room.

Just as she was almost out the door, Igor kicked the door shut, trapping one of Carol’s ankles hard as she almost made it through. Placing his foot at its bottom, he held it firm on Carol’s ankle as she struggled on the other side of the door.

Taking a moment Igor caught his breath, then turning, noticed one of Cristi’s mirrors he’d left leaning against the wall. Reaching down, he now knew exactly what he was going to do. Bending over, he took ahold of the girl’s ankle and then reopened the door again, and fighting her own force, dragged Carol back into the chamber. Spinning her around, he grabbed her other foot as she lashed out, kicking him. Her body twisting as he struggled, her arms and sharp bony fingers scratching out as she tried to sit up.

Then Igor ran, still holding her, dragging her feet first out of the chamber laden with gold and into the dark passageway. The newly turned vampire screaming as they went.

Running at speed, Igor pulled the fiend further along, towards the main part of the cellar. Hearing her shriek with pain as they hit the light from the stairs and the vampire felt its deadly rays begin to burn her skin. With her body dragging behind him, Igor kept going as he trod over the two bodies, pulling her through the slowly decaying mush of the Lupei boy and the fresh blood draining away from Ray Raye’s torso. The girl subconsciously lashing out, grabbing and holding onto Ray Raye’s ponytail as she passed, dragging his decapitated head along with her as she went.

With Carol’s screams in his ears, Igor hit the stairs and ran up them, pulling the vampire girl behind him further and further into the daylight. Then out and along the marble floored corridor. Hearing her cries grow louder as the light from outside grew stronger. Carol slipping from one side to the other as she struggled and held onto Ray Raye’s head. Seconds later, he hit the foyer, swinging and dragging the girl across the marble and crashing her against the wall with such force that it knocked Ray Raye’s head from her bony grasp and sent it spinning across the floor under Napoleon’s chandeliers.

Letting go with one hand, Igor opened the door and dragged the vampire the final distance outside and down the steps into the pure light of day. The sun catching Carol’s body, burning the skin from her flesh, as she dragged behind him until he stopped and placed his foot to her throat in front of Hamza’s taxi with its meter still whirring.

And there he held her, with his foot pressed down hard upon Carol’s neck as Igor looked down and watched her blister away. Smelling the familiar aroma he hadn’t smelt in centuries as the vampire’s rotten flesh burnt away under the sun, until there was nothing more than just ash and bone.

With the sun on his face, Igor stood there and stared at the girl’s bones as the remnants of her mortal coil blew away in the breeze. The taxi driver staring too as he rocked back and forth in his cab reciting the Koran. What a week it had been so far, Igor thought. He had two vampires living in the cellar along with two bodies and another one now skeletonized on the drive.

Strangely though, what he was the most concerned about was this performance concert at the school he had coming up in a couple of days. That, and the fact his favorite sword was now missing and he’d neglected to wipe it clean of blood. Soon the toxins in the fat heavy metal guy with the ponytail’s blood would begin to eat into the steel.

************

With the gold weighing heavy on his back, Cristi watched as the man with the scars dragged the girl through the door and out into the open, then held her down in front of the taxi with his foot upon her throat as he heard her final screams whilst the sun ate away at her flesh.

He was pretty sure that it was the same girl he’d seen dribbling and clinging to the cellar’s ceiling wanting to pounce. The vampire looking down upon him desperate for his blood, but afraid of the light.

Dropping the bag off his back and stabbing the sword into the earth, he reached into his pocket to grab his phone.

“Fuck,” the boy said out loud as he checked the rest of his pockets just in case as the memory of it sitting on the side of the chest shining light onto the gold ran through his mind.

“Shit.”

He looked to Igor, the man with scars still out there and now only just walking away from the skeleton. The man with scars stopping briefly to look in the side window of the cab at the driver as he bobbed his head to and fro.

Fuck, how I’d love to just go over there and get in the back of that taxi and get the hell out of Dodge, he thought. But that wasn’t going to happen. There was no way he was going near that place again. Not for the moment anyhow. Slowly Igor walked away from the car and without another thought to the demon he’d just dragged out into the sun, went back inside.

As quick as a flash, Cristi was up and running for the entrance gate to the mansion. Feeling the gold swinging on his back as he went. He reached the gate and tried the handle. Its tall wrought iron trellis structure locked down solid with magnets and refusing to budge. Giving up, he hit the corner where the two stone walls met and the stone lowered.

Taking the backpack off, Cristi pulled out one gold bar at a time and threw them up and over the wall. Followed by the sword and the backpack itself. Then, stepping back ten paces, he ran fast at the wall, jumped and with one foot as high as he could land it, he let his momentum take over. Pivoting himself towards the top of the wall, Cristi snatched his fingers on the smooth stone with one hand. Seconds later, he was over and landing with one foot on the bag on the other side of the wall.

Picking everything back up, he walked quickly along the road. He needed to get as far as he could away from the mansion until he felt safe. Half expecting any second for the police to arrive. He looked at the sword, and for the first time saw the blood on its blade. Why hadn’t I seen the blood earlier? he thought. “Jesus Christ,” he said out loud as he remembered the man with the scars severing the fat guy’s head.

He took a deep breath and stared at the sky as he felt his hands begin to shake. Pulling his shirt from his trousers, he ripped off a chunk from the bottom and stepped over to the small storm drain at the side of the road. Dropping down still with the sword in his hand, Cristi wet the cloth and cleaned the sword of blood until all he could see was the glint of the steel gleam in the sun.

He cleaned his hands, and looked at the sword. With one eye on the road, he stared at its shining steel and dragged his finger across its razor-sharp blade. The sharkskin handle holding firm in the palm of his hand beneath his grip. Its three-foot-long blade sweeping down to the blade’s sharp and deadly tip. Holding it up in front of himself, he felt the swords weight and as Cristi swung it from side to side to feel its balance, he felt invincible.

************

Sorin sat on the bed in the small motel room on Kingsway and stared at the ancient gold bars. The Lupei kid happy and sad that he’d not had the courage to go with his cousin and still embarrassed to have left Philippe lying dead in the mansions basement. Cristi swung his new sword back and forth around the room as he looked at himself checking his hair in the mirror. Laying his sole claim for the haul he’d just brought back verbally, Cristi said,

“You going to go back and get yourself a bag full as well?”

Sorin did, and he didn’t want to go, and from the way Cristi was speaking, there wasn’t going to be any sharing of the gold that now lay before him. He did though still have his share of half the gold coins the man with scars had tried to slowly bribe them with. But again, that’s not what they were here for. Bottom line, he was just happy his cousin had made it back. Especially after hearing he’d seen the man with scars use the same sword the boy now swung about the room to cut some guy’s head off like he’d claimed.

He’d heard the ‘Ace of Spades’ blaring out earlier whilst he waited on the other side of the wall. Ray Raye’s screams following shortly after, seemingly closer to the wall, and had wondered what was going on and if somehow because of it, Cristi was just as done for as their cousin Philippe. Then an hour or so later, after nervously waiting and doing a couple of laps around to the front, Cristi had arrived holding the sword. Making him jump out of his skin as he’d looked in at him ghoul-like through the car’s side window.

He’d asked him as they drove back in traffic across the bridge if he’d seen the Coont this time around and whether his cousin’s body was still lying in the cellar.

“No, but I heard him,” was all Cristi had said as he’d looked for the twentieth time at the gold in his bag as Sorin changed lanes and headed into the city. Cristi closed the bag and looked to the car’s wing mirror in a gesture of a guilty man. Then, carried on,

“Yeah, Philippe’s still there, but he’s got company now-some loser who got his head cut off by that scarred-up fuck and some girl who was clinging to the ceiling and looked pretty fucked up. But I think she’s dead now as well, though, as I saw that scarred-up fuckhead pull someone who looked similar to her into the sunshine out the front.”

Cristi back now in their shared motel room, paid for by the family, swishing the blade around the room in a figure of eight, like a treasure hunter for the fourth time. Nodding to the gold sitting on the bed, Sorin asked,

“And how you going to get this back?”

“I won’t. I’m gonna sell it,” Cristi answered straight back as though it was already a done deal. The kid having already thought that one through.

“Oh!”

“Yeah, I’m going to sell it bit by bit and buy myself a fuck-you car when I get home.”

The kid having already worked out the gold’s value using an old weight scale he’d borrowed from the reception.

“Oh! And what about the Coont? You given any thought as to how we’re going to kill him?”

That was a good question, Cristi thought, and one he’d been deliberating also on the way back. Truth was, for all the bravado he showed now standing there with his new sword in his hand and a small fortune in gold sagging the shitty mattress on the bed, he’d been terrified.

It was a terror which hadn’t really left him and he knew he’d been lucky. Being trapped in that cold dark cellar for a second time with yet another vampire, the man with scars, and a pony tailed fat guy who’d proceeded to lose his head was not going to be forgotten quickly. Even if he was now kind of rich and could buy himself a Lamborghini and all the hair gel he ever wanted.

Then, just as he swept the visions of the cellar from his mind as he stared at the gold coins and bars on the bed, he heard Sorin take a deep breath and say,

“Well, you know we came here to do our duty, and Philippe’s dead. We owe it to him. So, gold or no gold, I’m going back in and somehow I’m going to kill that vampire.”

And from the look on his face, Cristi knew Sorin wasn’t joking.





CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Before the sun had dropped below the Insular mountains way in the distance to the west on Vancouver Island, and blessed the skyline with its radiant light, Igor had grabbed his violin, jumped in his Tesla, and was now watching the sun set, as he sat in the front living room of the cottage by the water where the birds no longer flew. If the Coont wanted to put his nose to the air and sniff him out then he could come down here to lay down his demands. If he did, so be it, he’d deal with it. But he doubted that was going to happen. There were hardly an abundance of cocaine laden maidens hanging around this place and that’s what he’d be on the lookout for. Now that he’d found his new queen. So instead of pandering to the man like the butler come bodyguard he was supposed to be, he was going to have some food, relax, and spend the evening practicing the violin and then when night came, he’d get some sleep. Then he’d do it again, right up until he was due to perform at this mini-concert he’d allowed himself to be roped into where he was to be the only star.

************

Having waited for his slave to let him know the sun was down before he opened the door from the cellar, the Coont now knew there was every chance the man was throwing a tantrum after being struck. It was the way Igor was and had always been since he’d saved him after his humiliating defeat on the battlefield.

Opening the cellar door for himself, the Coont felt the chill of the evening air which he loved so much. His throat now sore from screaming Igor’s name. There was no doubt about it, he was going to have to give the mortal in the chariot outside a little more of a helping hand with his transformation to the dark side, as he seemed to be holding onto his own ridiculous life.

For now, though, he had his new queen to sort out maidens as Igor had certainly been letting things slide. He said to Queen Josephine as they walked together past Ray Raye’s head as it lay on the floor under Napoleon’s chandeliers,

“Thirst hath I. Bringeth a maiden.”

Josephine looked to Ray Raye’s head on the floor as he stared into nowhere with his mouth open. She hadn’t the slightest of ideas as to what the Coont was saying, the gist of it was though that the vampire was thirsty, as she was also. The new vampire queen feeling the cravings for blood more now it seemed than she ever had for the drugs which had slowly destroyed her previous life.

This slave of hers with the scars needed to get his shit together, that was certain. There should have been a couple of fresh maidens here for the Coont and something for herself as the idiot with the ponytail was obviously not in any fit state to bring home the bacon.

************

They hit the downtown core with the Coont sitting in the back of Hamza’s chariot alongside his new queen. The Coont wishing he had flown after watching the man bob his head up and down and listening to him chanting from the Koran for the last half an hour. At least, though, the man could vaguely understand what was being said, and he, unlike Igor, did what he was told. However, as much as the Coont had tried, conversation seemed to be out of the question.

Leaving Hamza to call to his own God for salvation, the two vampires exited the cab and walked down Robson Street looking for prey, drawing a lot of attention as they did. The Coont moving with his cape flowing behind him, his face white and his eyes bright red. His long bony fingers stretched down towards his welly boots. His queen next to him all in leather with her red lips and big bust popping out, looking like something straight out of some teenager’s wet dream.

The two dwarfs who’d just arrived in for the weekend from Cranbrook in British Columbia’s interior wearing their kid-sized Levi jackets and cowboy boots. The boys waddling in front of the Coont and his queen, staring back at them in disbelief. The two young boys looking like a couple of hors d’oeuvres to the two hungry vampires who’d just stepped out to dine.

The Coont thinking they were merely children as he and his queen easily put them into a trance as Luke and Broden felt themselves lifted into the air. Their blood draining from their little bodies as the Coont and his queen bit down and drank from their tiny necks. The two young boys having bused it all the way into a city which was to them the big smoke and taken a hotel the day after inheriting some money from their uncle’s death. The guy having drunk too much and killed himself, falling from his horse. Luke and Broden Hall vowing to get some big city pussy whilst they were in Vancouver, even if they had to buy it.

The two young men who looked at the world from a different angle than most thinking their time had come when the beautiful and statuesque goddess in leather had smiled and said,

“Hello, boys!” in her sexy tone, before enticing them with her sex into a closed mini-mall’s entrance. Only for them to be used, discarded, and left for dead in a doorway of a restaurant that was being renovated.

With the vampire and his queen’s appetites barely satisfied, they moved on. Heading east, they met and killed two skateboarders on the steps of the art gallery. The skateboarders who’d been high on weed and had the misfortune to have found the Coont and his queen amusing - along with almost everything else they’d seen that evening. The young men, half-drunk, half-stoned, with their pants halfway down their asses, minding their own business for the most part as they tried desperately to relive the skateboarding prowess of their early teens. Years before, when they had watched their peers high on dope and booze with curiosity. Now, though the sight of a Dracula and Elvira-wannabe on a night out on the town, complete with blood on their chins, had been too much to handle, and very quickly, they’d found themselves transfixed down below the causeway at the side of the ice rink, lifeless with no blood in their veins.

The amount of weed and booze in the boys’ systems only making the Coont and his queen relaxed and hungrier. The blood filling the first meal of the night’s gap that came straight after the mini-dwarf snack. There was though still something missing that the Coont wasn’t getting. The taste of male blood not being his thing. He needed the sweetness of a maiden’s, which these days made him feel invincible and alive. The vampire knowing better than to drink the blood of men like he just had. The usual indigestion which occurred straight after now happening again as it always seemed to.

Enough was enough, the Coont thought as he walked away from the ice rink along the side of the busy road, feeling his chest begin to burn and wanting to belch. Passing the mortals who still seemed without fear. Passing knights on foot and within chariots who simply smiled or raised their hands. It was all so bizarre.

There was the girl, he thought. The one he’d feasted on when he’d first woken in this strange kingdom where the chariots had no horses. She, though, would have turned by now and would be waiting somewhere within his new castle as the mortals whom he turned always seemed to do.

Unless Igor had already killed her off by now. And then it would have been her skeletal remains he’d seen in the front of the Moor’s chariot outside his castle. This new queen of his should have provided the way she had the previous evening. But no, here they were roaming the streets as he had in the olden days when he was growing up whilst his parents were still alive. Long before they’d drank the poisoned blood of the locals from the small town of Saronno in Italy. His parents passing through at night and wondering why the place was void of vampires and why the townsfolk there showed no fear. His parents discovering too late the locals’ tainted blood was laced with cyanide from the almond liqueur the town produced in plenty.

But that sad time was long ago in another era, it seemed, and it was early days with this queen. Roaming the villages looking for prey of an evening was okay, the Coont thought, reconsidering as he passed by mortals, snarling at them, as they stared and smirked. At least it got me out. Preferably not on foot, though, especially with this strange footwear he was now wearing, since that fool Igor had managed to cut off half his toes.

Flying was the way to go, and if she was good, he’d show this queen the art so as he could have some company. Then they could sweep the treetops and dwellings together, circle and drop in on prey if they smelled good, instead of this nonsense. Stopping, he raised his hand and said to his new queen,

“Take I unto the maidens with thy blood of sweet.”

And somehow, she understood what he’d meant, because before he knew it, Queen Josephine, like a rooftop pigeon, had found her way home and brought him back to the stinking alleys just off Main and Hastings Street.

The Coont stood there, among the homeless in their ragged clothes. Listening to these mortal men and women with bad skin and no teeth, who again showed no fear. Smelling the piss and vomit from the dwelling entranceways and alleys amongst the sweet blood of the maidens, wandering in among it all in their strange clothes.

And it was right there, front and center in this mess of humanity that they found Queen Josephine’s drug dealer Max selling his wares. Only this time, he was sporting a broken nose from where the Coont had thrown him through the wall.

Wanting to just leave as soon as he saw them both arrive at the entrance to the alley, the drug dealer turned and began to walk back towards his black Range Rover. The residents of the area calling to him as he did. But something inside was stopping him. He needed to get the fuck out of there, but for some reason he just couldn’t, and the more he tried, the more he felt compelled to stay.

Turning, he looked across the road to the alley entrance, then back at this strange man dressed as Dracula, standing there with this woman who used to work the area but now looked like she no longer belonged. The man in black standing there with his hand out, dressed like something you’d only see in a cheap horror movie. Holding his chest as he burped with one hand and curled his bony fingers with the other. Drawing them inwards towards his face as he summoned the drug dealer back towards him. The man’s eyes, again deep and red, fresh from drinking blood. His face sickly pale and ghostly. Slowly the drug dealer came to him as his mind tried desperately to break free from the spell he’d felt cast upon him. Then suddenly he was back in front of this man again. This creature who’d only the night before had effortlessly thrown him through a wall. The vampire saying to him,

“Mortal - Bow before thy master. I commandeth thee.”

And even though he was wearing his new expensive Fendi jeans, he did just that. Dropping down to his knees on the dirty, broken tarmac. Looking up to the demon, he heard the Coont say, “Becometh mine own slave and immortality be granteth you -withhold acceptance and find death eternal.”

Before Max could say a word, the Coont had his bony fingers clasped across the man’s face as he looked down upon him. Crushing the life from the man as he squeezed his bony thumb and forefinger into the drug dealer’s temples. Slowly pressurizing his brain until the man was dead.

The Coont held the drug dealer’s slumped body with one hand alongside his queen in the entrance to the alley filled with needles and human piss and shit. A place occupied by some who could equally match the Coont in evil and many others who’d quite simply lost their way in life. All now almost indistinguishable to the other poor souls suffering mental issues and released from care. Poor disoriented souls with simply nowhere else to go.

Josephine stood there in her leather boots and the cleavage of her breasts open for all to see. For her, watching the man who had fed her poison for so many years die being not such a bad thing to witness. Seeing as she’d known many other people over the last couple of years who had died at his hands from the poison he’d sold. Not that she really cared now since she’d passed on into another world. A world she certainly loved. Yes, she could no longer tolerate sunlight, but how often did she go to the beach or the park these days anyway? Truth was, she didn’t. Her whole life before had been centered around this shithole and sleeping in a shitty hotel room that was worse than any prison cell.

Now though, she had a thirst for blood and was the beautiful queen of a castle on the mountainside with slaves. All for the price of changing the color of the bodily fluid she now needed to swallow to survive.

The Coont there next to her mumbling to the drug dealer in a language Josephine could not understand as people passed by, not seeming to care. The Coont holding the man’s face and dribbling a long and seemingly endless thick stream of saliva and blood into his open mouth.

Then as the saliva and blood oozed from the drug dealer’s dead mouth and nose, Max began to cough and choke as he came alive again. Letting go of the man’s head, the Coont watched without feeling as the man fell onto the wet mess of dirt and gravel at his feet.

I get it now! the Coont thought, as he looked down at the dirty, puddle covered alley entranceway Max the drug dealer lay upon as he choked his way back to life.

Igor has me wearing these strange boots because this place we now live is so dirty and wet. It all made sense. So maybe he was overreacting, as he knew he tended to do, and had just done right there and then when he’d seen the drug dealer’s big black chariot and decided it would be perfect for him and his new queen.

What could be better really? Since the chariot they’d been using with the Islamic mortal who kept reciting the Koran was a little cramped and starting to smell.

************

Max, the drug dealer, was having a hard time focusing, given the headache he now had. On top of this, he thought he was going to vomit with the amount of the Coont’s saliva and blood he had in his stomach. Apart from that, though, he felt strangely good. All his other aches and pains and anxieties seemed to have disappeared, almost as though he had taken a big hit of some of the reality-altering poison he sold. He owed money to the Chinese people at the store, but it didn’t seem to matter now. He also owed money on the Range Rover, but that didn’t seem to matter either. In fact, nothing at all seemed to matter. Even the skanky street whores Candy and Dell sitting in the trunk and Simone, who smelled of fish, sitting next to him and was probably getting pubic lice on the front seat, didn’t bother him in the slightest.

Behind him, on the backseat, sat the Coont and her royal highness, the queen. He could see the woman still looking good with her long hair and red lips and remembered her screaming in the back there with him not so long ago when he’d fucked her. Then catching his eye, he heard her say to him,

“Stare at us not slave, know your place - we are your Masters.”

Max stayed quiet for a moment as he listened to her words, looking out to the road as he drove. What the fuck was she talking about? he thought as he slowed the car and took in what he’d just heard. Under normal circumstances, he’d have pulled the car over and told them all to get the fuck out. But somehow, he couldn’t. It was as though he’d had a spell put on him. A spell he couldn’t break or defy. He kept driving as he continued to watch the woman with her red lips and the oddball in the back who’d just crushed his skull.

“You live with us now - we command you,” The woman in the back who used to suck cock for a living said to him.

“I am your queen. The Coont Draculi is your king.”

Then the Coont raised his hand and placed it upon Max’s head. The drug dealer waited, expecting the worst as he felt the bony vampire’s palm and fingers grip his scalp. He continued to drive along West Georgia Street towards the park. The lights from the passing cars penetrating the tinted pimped-out windows, blinding his already watering eyes. Then he heard the Coont speak, and strangely, although he could not understand the vampire’s words, he nodded in agreement, as he listened carefully to what the man had to say,

“Slave, doeth our will and life eternal befalls thee.”

Everything was now okay in Max’s blurry eyes. From what he could gather, this weird guy had just made him part of the club. To top it off, it also looked as though from what the cocksucker turned beauty queen had just said, he’d now be staying at the mansion! Which was fine with him as with the amount of drugs these guys were doing, the chances were high they’d be dead soon. Then, it would be him who was king of the castle.

They reached the front of the mansion, cruised straight through the gates, and pulled up behind Hamza, who was back before them. The man, like Max, suffering through his own war, using his faith and an inner strength Max could never possess to fight the demonic curse that had enveloped him. The man still bobbing his head and ignoring another four hookers who were still sitting in his cab as they laughed and told him they weren’t paying the bill.





CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Luke and Broden Hall came to on the tiled floor of the mini-mall on Robson and looked around dazed at the shops that were closed but would be opening soon. They were pale, and the blood on their necks was now dry. Standing, they looked to the other person sharing another doorway in the now closed mini-mall. The homeless guy who’d once had a family, a job, and a home until booze had completely taken over his life, now lying next to his shopping cart on a dirty piece of cardboard he’d managed to keep dry for the last couple of weeks. The guy just in his fifties, but looking like a seventy-year-old rough and ready Santa Claus with his scraggly white hair and beard, which hadn’t been touched in a year.

The two boys, who’d come to town looking for pussy but sadly had become food, stood silently. The two of them staring at the man as he lay there asleep with his mouth open wide, showing off what little teeth he had left.

“What the fuck happened?”

Luke asked as he felt the wound on his neck and then twisted his body to try to see his reflection in the shop window, but strangely could not. Giving up, he pointed to his neck, asking his brother,

“Is that blood?”

It was, and his brother also had the same marks when he checked. Except Broden had lipstick on his. Broden began to laugh as he stared at the shop window, noticing he could see everything else around him except himself and his brother. But it wasn’t funny because they’d lost so much blood in the attack that they’d both died, and they wouldn’t be going to heaven. And now, since they’d woken, they would soon themselves turn into the same demons that had inflicted the wounds on them. Luke said,

“Fuck, I’m thirsty.”

He was, but the thirst wasn’t for a Big Gulp from 7-Eleven full of ice which he liked to pound back until he thought his brain had exploded. It was for the fresh warm blood of a mortal.

Broden watched Father Christmas as the man dribbled spit from the side of his mouth, then looked down to the piss stain in the man’s trousers.

“We paid for a hotel and ended up sharing a room with Santa.”

Then at almost the same time, they felt their teeth were different in their mouths as their tongues found the fangs that felt foreign to its touch. Turning, they looked back into the shop window to look at a reflection that was again not there. They pulled back their lips and stretched their now protruding teeth out at themselves. Turning to each other, they both said together,

“Oh my God!”

As they dug their fangs into their lower lips, they felt the thirst as an incredible hunger for blood washed through them. In sync, they both turned, looking at the man who’d seen better days lying on his cardboard. With their fangs now showing, they walked towards him like wolf pups circling around a baby deer looking for their first kill.

Hissing and spitting, they stood above the man in their cowboy boots and kids’ jeans as the vile snarling sounds coming from their mouths brought the man around. Staring through blurred eyes, slowly, the man came too, until his primeval instinct broke though the cheap whisky he’d gorged on the night before and brought him to his feet.

And there he stood in the small hours of the morning in a mini-mall rubbing his eyes as he looked down upon these two dwarfs that had had their lives cut short, having been unexpectedly recruited into a demonic world. The man suddenly awake and kicking out at them in his broken, worn-down shoes, telling them straight away to “fuck off,” as he did.

The two dwarfs moved closer, spitting and snarling still as they clawed the air with their little porky fingers. Then they flanked him as the man who looked like Father Christmas began to kick the little fledgling vampires away as they snatched at his legs and piss-stained trousers.

Seeing his neck, instinctively feeling a strength in their legs that they’d never felt before, they began to jump, trying to reach it with their fangs.

Screaming at the little fellas to fuck off, the man who looked like Santa kicked and thumped out at the two young boys as he grabbed his shopping trolley and tried his best to put it between himself and them. Not giving up and driven by a preposterous thirst which they’d never felt before, they carried on. Neither of the two young boys caring as the man cried for help. Then Broden reached out and, pulling the trolley from the man’s grasp, he slammed it on its side to the floor.

As quick as a flash, he scrambled up and stood on the trolley’s side, giving him that extra foot in height and bringing him eye level to the man’s chest. This was it, he thought, as he stared up at the man’s neck. The man still punching and kicking out, trying in vain to keep the two dwarfs at bay.

Then just as Broden was about to jump, the man suddenly pushed him away and made a break for it as he began to run with his long coat made heavy with grime trailing behind him. But as with so many whose lives have long since passed their sell by date, the pickled mind of the man who’d once won the dads’ running race on sports day failed to connect with his feet and legs, and with his balance off found himself tumbling to the hard, tiled mini-mall’s floor.

As soon as he was down, the little dwarfs pounced on him as they both scrambled over his body. With the ferocity of two toy dogs that had lost their tempers, they bit down cheek to cheek on the man’s now open neck with their newly formed fangs and drank the blood they needed until the man who looked like Santa went still.

************

They left him there on the tiled floor of the mini-mall and ran down Robson Street with their cowboy hats on and the inner thighs of their puffy legs rubbing together. Both laughing as they looked at each other’s bloodied mouths and fangs. The two twins sprinting as fast as their little legs would take them towards the hotel they’d booked till Monday.

Reaching it, they stopped outside the hotel and looked towards the east to the sun, which was about to come up to brighten the day and eat into their flesh. Somehow both boys knowing now that the day previous they’d watched the sun come up for the final time. But for the way they felt, having just run flat out for the last mile without even breaking a sweat, there really could be no comparison.

They walked in through the front entrance and straight through the lobby. Hitting the elevator, they reached up and pushed the button for the top floor, and stared again at the mirror. The two boys wanting to see how cool they now looked with their fangs and eyes now as red as the squares on their cowboy shirts.

But again, they saw nothing.

Despite them having played trampoline on the twin beds the afternoon before, their room was made up. Not that they’d be using the beds again, with the curtains being so thin. Closing them still and with the do not disturb sign left outside, they locked the door, and both hit the windowless bathroom. Climbing up onto the sink, they looked at themselves in the mirror again to see nothing. They looked cool, though-they only had to look at one another to see a mirror image of themselves and know that.

Without even a thought for the man they’d just killed or to wipe the blood from their faces, they reached over, locked the bathroom door, and turned out the light. And there in the darkness, they settled and slept. The boys resting as they felt their bodies change. The twins becoming stronger whilst they waited for the sun to set and the chance to kill again.

************

As far as Queen Josephine was concerned, she would now be keeping her new stable of cock sucking whores at the mansion so as she and the Coont could feed off their fresh crack cocaine and heroin cocktailed blood. Especially now that things had turned around and that prick of a drug dealer, along with his endless supply of drugs, and fancy car, was now her slave when before it had been somewhat the other way around.

Having to hang out down in the cellar hiding in a crack in the ceiling during the day, was a bit of a drag. Especially when those mortals upstairs would be sleeping it off in those fancy bedrooms she owned. But she’d deal with that once she got this Coont guy under control. Seeing him cramped in the corner on the other side of the cellar chamber with his wellington boots hanging down was becoming difficult to bear - even at this early stage of the relationship. Especially when there was a nice silk-lined coffin laden with gold she could be sleeping in.

Her stupid slave with the scars was also on the missing list. She’d need to speak with the Coont about killing him off also. As from what she could tell, there was a chance he was the only one capable of doing so, despite the powers and strength she now possessed. Once she had that moron drug dealer Max up to speed with the castle and the supply of drugs and ‘maidens’ for the Coont, she’d sort him out. And what’s more, concerning the maidens, that was going to have to stop. Where was the fun in that for her? What was the point in having a stable full of women when she looked and felt hotter than she ever had? Where was the possibility of her having a nice big blue vein to drink from when all that was on offer were these sluts? There wasn’t.

Things would definitely have to start changing around this castle if this Coont wanted her to be his queen. If they didn’t, then he’d better go find himself somewhere else to live, because she was definitely not going to put up with this bullshit.

************

Max, the drug dealer, woke up around ten in the same room Igor had been calling his bedroom since the day he’d moved in after the mansion had been completed over 150 years ago. He looked around the room, seeing it properly now he was sober and it was daylight. It was big and grandiose, and in his eyes, whoever had been staying there before could now go fuck themselves and use one of the other rooms along the corridor. This one was his and his girlfriend’s if he could convince her to get her ass over to West Van, which in retrospect wasn’t going to be too hard given her dependence on cocaine.

He was going to have to get himself some more drugs, having exhausted the supply he’d had on him the previous day, initially with regular sales from the addicts he provided to, and then draining the rest overnight back at the mansion with all the theatrics going on.

The women, who would usually have been wandering the streets on the east side of town, fucking and sucking their way towards their next hit of crystal meth or crack, instead now hanging out and doing endless lines, inside this beautiful mansion which would soon be his.

The women, as high as kites, taking turns in laying back all night whilst this weird vampire-type guy sucked on their necks, when it should have been the other way around with these girls, as it had been for him, except he’d had his trousers down. The same way Josephine should have been showing him her appreciation for the free drugs he’d supplied. Except she now also didn’t seem interested in anything except biting these crack whores necks. It was certainly different.

He hit the bridge in the Range Rover and made it downtown. His phone having not stopped all night from his usual clients with their desperate messages, saying,

“Hey, it’s such and such, call me ASAP, it’s really, really important.”

Their self-induced problems no longer Max’s. So, they could all fuck off as he was now exclusive it seemed. There were some clothes he needed to get from the apartment he’d been renting, but what was the point,? He lived out of a suitcase, and he could just buy more. What he really needed was to stock up and get a week or two’s worth of dope, as it was moving fast.

He also needed a better class of woman for the mansion if this was how things were going to be. Not the girls I know and fucked for free coke, though, he thought as he pulled the car up in the back alley of the convenience store. He didn’t want them drained of blood, and all messed up. Where would the fun be in that? He’d be keeping those for himself. What he needed to do was start fishing from a different pond.

He parked the Range Rover and entered the back of the shop. The Chinese man and his wife, who had been supplying him with poison for almost a year now, busy as usual, working the front of the store. Big Max, the drug dealer, feeling good in his Nikes and ripped jeans. The young man who’d started off just buying from them for himself after he’d discovered it wasn’t just food they sold from their little store over in Chinatown. From there, it had just grown, and now from what he could see, it was going to get bigger, especially since Josephine had lined his pockets with gold.

“You have money?”

Asked the little woman who was having trouble with her back, which in turn made her look shorter than she already was. He said as he looked down at the hair on the back of her head,

“No, I have gold.”

Straightening herself up, the woman looked up at him, then without another word, she raised her hand and opened her palm to him. Reaching into his pocket, Max pulled out one of Igor’s gold coins and passed it over.

The woman looked at it and instantly knew from experience that it was real. Feeling its weight in her hand, it had to be worth around $2,200 at today’s rate. So, she said straight back as she dropped it on the same scales she used for weighing potatoes along with the drugs she and her husband sold, “This gold cheap, it worth just nine hundred eighty dollar.”

And Max, the drug dealer, whose closest dealing he’d ever had with the precious metal was passing the jewelers in the mall, said,

“Great, how many of these do you need then?”

The Chinese woman thought about it. This lady, who was originally from Guangzhou, had, along with her husband, been supplying drugs in their little store since the 1970s when all they sold back then had just been pot. The couple having left their hometown in their early twenties when everyone still rode bicycles. Neither of them these days, caring less if the fentanyl in the drugs they sold was killing people.

This guy Max was okay. He wasn’t too bright, but he was consistent. He had, though, just started rocking a brand-new fuck you top-of-the-line Range Rover despite owing them just over fifteen thousand dollars. If he handed over ten or more of these coins, his debt would be paid. But once he was off the hook with them, he could start buying with someone else, and that would not be good. She asked,

“How many coin you have?”

Max dug into his pockets, and pulling out a handful of coins, he put them on the table. Quickly counting them, the Chinese woman had them in a pile of ten. Purposefully excluding the coin still sitting in the weigh scale tray, she said, “You have ten.”

Then handing him the cloth-wrapped package he’d come to pick up, she said,

“This.”

Max stood there looking at the package. His head still hurt from where the Coont had forced his bony fingers into his brain. Frowning, he said,

“So?”

“Yeah - we good - okay go,” answered the Chinese woman as she scooped all the coins into a drawer and then discreetly pocketed the one in the tray.

“We good?” Max asked.

“Yes, good - you owe ten more - go, you good now,” the woman answered in a tone that could only conclude that the conversation was finished and she had better things to do than talk to him.

But they weren’t good, and Max knew it as he sat outside in the Range Rover. Despite his head hurting, he could still do the math. He’d given her ten coins, she said, and he’d counted them himself as they’d sat on the counter just before she’d shielded them from him with her body. He thought about it: he owed her fifteen grand, no, fourteen eight. She’d said the coins were worth $980, so that was nearly $10,000. The package was the usual $5,000. So, that plus $14,800, less the $9,800 for the coins. That was ten thousand like she’d said.

Then he remembered the coin in the scales. That was what it was; they had shorted him on that. He stuffed the package full of drugs into the center console of the Range Rover, got out, locked the door, and walked into the back of the shop and checked the scales for the coin that was no longer there. Seeing the woman and her husband on the other side out of the shop, he called out,

“Hey, what about the other coin?”

Stopping what she was doing, the woman came back into the rear of the shop along with her husband, and in an irritated tone said,

“Why you come here? You go - we finish.”

“The coin in the tray?”

Shaking her head, the woman looked to her husband first, then said, “You finish, you pay. You owe $10,000.”

But he didn’t, and he knew it. Despite the headache, he knew he could count. So he said, “It’s eleven coins. There was one on the scales.”

“No, you wrong, I honest woman.” said the woman who sold potatoes and fruit at the front of her store and Class A drugs out the back.

Max took a deep breath. It wasn’t the first time these people had been creative with his money, but they were a good source for product, so he’d let it go. Somehow now that didn’t seem to matter. He pulled his phone from his pocket and, cursing himself for not doing it in the first place, said,

“It was eleven coins, we both know that - and as for their value, we’ll see.”

Pulling his phone, Max quickly checked the price of gold coins. Moments later, he had it. A 4 oz gold coin like his was worth $2,200 in today’s market. The fucking bitch. Turning the phone, he showed the woman the screen. Staring at the screen, the woman shook her head.

“Not true!” she shouted straight back. “It mix gold, gold bad - I tell you. Get out shop - Finish.”

Ignoring her, Max quickly did the math on what had just happened and was still happening now. The bitch was ripping him off for $14,000 and had just stolen one of the gold coins to boot. Fuck that, he thought, it was out of order. Even if that slut Josephine had gifted him the coins in the first place, two of them were his from the first time he’d been to that mansion, given to him before he’d been thrown through the wall and knocked out. The shop owner said,

“Rate different now. My rate true - I pay commission.”

It was bullshit, and Max knew it. Even so, she’d still stolen the one coin that he’d first offered up, saying there were only ten. He said,

“Look, just give me the coins back, and I’ll give you cash.”

Then Max stood there looking about the rear of the store with his arms folded in front of him as he tapped his foot in frustration while he waited for an answer that wasn’t coming. Fuck this, he thought, this is the last time I’m coming here. He knew of another dealer where he could source this shit in bulk. So fuck them, he’d go get what he needed there. For now, though, these two could give him back his coins.

He stepped forward, and as he did, he felt his temper burst as he had so many times before. Back in the day, when things hadn’t gone his way, and he’d screamed and raged, pointing and punching out blind at girlfriends and family who’d once loved him.

Unfolding his arms and poking his finger, he leaned in, shouting right in the woman’s face, screaming out at her in a voice that shook the store,

“Give me the fucking coins now, you Chinese cunt, or I’ll burn the fuck out of this shithole!”

The woman looked to her husband and began to shout at him in Cantonese as Max listened and steamed. Max stared at the old man waiting along with the man’s wife for the old man’s reply. The Chinese shop owner completely unmoved by the young man’s unusual show of strength.

Then with a nod, Max’s answer came in the form of violence as the old lady produced a knife from out of nowhere and jabbed it straight into Max’s heart.

As Igor had told the Coont. ’These days, there are more evil people out there than you.’

The old Chinese couple stared at the young man as he held his hands to his chest and stared back at them both with nothing more than surprise in his eyes. Slowly he fell to his knees, then backwards until he lay upon their dirty floor, pinning his legs beneath his thighs as he died. Neither of them expecting this when they’d got up at 4 am to open the shop. With little care, they looked at each other as they spoke. The old man saying to his wife so matter of fact that he could have just as easily been talking about how much they were going to mark up the lettuce,

“I like his new car. We keep it?”

The wife gave it a thought for a moment. They could, but it wasn’t worth it. What they’d do was sell it. They’d get ten cents on the dollar for the car from a shop on the east side before lunch. That along with the coins, plus the drugs they’d given the kid she’d just killed could be resold. With the money they’d lost that the kid owed them, and the $1000 it cost to have the body removed and disposed of at a pig farm, they’d be up about $25,000, give or take. Picking up a tarp they used to cover the fresh produce overnight, she covered Max’s body and walked back into the shop and joined her husband who was already back working the till.

************

Fifteen minutes later, Max opened his eyes and saw the bright fluorescent light in the back-room ceiling as it shone through the worn-down tarp.

His chest hurt.

Moving his hand up from his stomach, he felt the knife still sticking out next to his right nipple and its blade that protruded down through his ribcage and into his heart. Slowly he pulled it out, and moving the tarp from his face, looked at the knife. How can I be alive? he thought as he watched his own blood dripping from the blade. How? But he was alive indeed, very much so. He looked to the drawer where the lady had placed his gold coins and walked to it, seeing the silhouette of the old Chinese couple who’d just murdered him serving in their shop through the old, beaded curtain which had been there since the 1970s.

He opened the drawer. The coins were still there, eleven in total, just as he’d said. Watching the couple, he pulled them from the drawer and put them in his pocket. Then he looked to the cupboard where he’d seen her pull his package from when he’d arrived. Walking to it, he opened it up and looked inside. The shelves were full of boxes, clips, paper, and an old can holding pens and pencils with a wad of rubber bands hanging from the top of them all.

He looked to the bottom, sitting to the right was a canvas bag with cut outs of the same cloth his stash of drugs had been wrapped in sitting on top. Kneeling down, he opened it to see inside tightly bound huge cakes of cocaine, and piece meal bags of heroin and crack, and every other form of drug that would send you just a little bit further down that chemically induced slippery slope to your grave.

He then looked to the other side at an old box, and reaching over, opened it up to find inside a layer of paper towels and underneath them, two huge wads of money, held together with elastic bands. He pulled them out, threw them into the big canvas bag, quickly checked the other shelves and then turned around and headed towards the back door that led to the alley.





CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

Max made it back to the mansion, drove down the driveway, and parked up behind the taxi driver, who was still waiting outside. He got out and walked to the driver’s window. The Moroccan man sitting there in the driver’s seat, rocking back and forth, holding onto a copy of the Koran as he mumbled to himself words that Max could not understand. He looked to the meter that was still running. It now read $4,381. Then looking back, he saw that the man was looking up at him through watery eyes. Slowly Hamza stopped his rocking and then, closing the fingers on his right hand, brought them to his lips.

“What?”

Max said straight back as he watched Hamza gesture to him for food and water. The man pleading to him for help with his eyes.

“You hungry? You want me to fix you some breakfast, hey? Well, go try see how a knife through the heart feels and get back to me,” Max said as he watched Hamza begin to rock again.

Fucking idiot, Max thought as he walked away, and felt his chest where the knife had gone in. Now wondering why he’d not gone into the shop and killed both those Chinese fuckers. But no. Apartfrom the odd overdose from the drugs I sold, when had I killed anyone? he thought. It simply was not him.

He walked up the steps to the front door, and finding it open, walked straight in. He was the only one there that he could see. Not counting Ray Raye’s head up against the wall on the floor of the lobby. He walked into the main living room, and looked at the hole in the wall that the big vampire had thrown him through. Then, he looked at the hostess trolley, which was now back on its side with its food still all over the floor. He needed to sit down and get his head around what had just happened.

The big leather sofa was now covered in blood, so he gave it a miss and sat on Igor’s recliner. Then he saw one of the whores from the night before lying against the wall on the other side of the room. She looked dead. Sensing someone was there, Simone sat herself up and looked at him. Her hair a mess and all in her face, blood still on her neck and shoulder from the Coont’s feeding. Simone said,

“You in charge here?”

He was, he supposed, as he looked around. The place empty except for the paintings on the wall and all the other whores sleeping it off, which he could now see. Taking on the responsibility, he said,

“Yeah, that’s me.”

Sweeping the hair from her face, the woman twisting her head towards the lobby said, “I went out there earlier looking for a place to take a shit and see there’s that Motörhead guy’s head on the floor.”

Max nodded. He’d seen it too and was wondering about it himself. He said,

“And?”

“Well if you is in charge around here and want us as guests, you should get rid of it.”

Fucking typical, he thought, the woman’s been here two minutes and she’s already complaining and trying to change shit. Ignoring the woman, Max felt his chest again and then put his hand on the canvas bag sitting on his lap. Just as he was closing his eyes to rest, he heard the woman carry on asking,

“You got any food here?”

Max opened his eyes again, looked at her, and then nodded to the old dried and rotten food stuck to the carpet. Then he looked back to Simone and now recognized her on two counts. The first being she’d been the woman blowing him the night before, and second, she was someone he’d sold meth to in the past. She was a hard woman, and looked similar to Josephine, before Josephine had had her makeover that is, the woman though, still had something. With that in mind, he said,

“I’m more management. I don’t do the catering side of things here. If you want food, you better call for a pizza.”

Simone asked straight back, “You got any blow?”

And indeed, he did have blow, a lot actually, perhaps enough to keep the party going at his new home for a year and then some. The woman wasn’t wrong, he thought, as the mention of food made his stomach rumble. He could certainly do with some food, and since he had all these skanks lying about his living room doing nothing, he may as well put them to good use.

Getting the attention of all the women in the room, he called out,

“Hey! Hey! Look here. Any you girls want blow from now on, then there’s a cost. You gonna have to start making sandwiches. Go find the kitchen and knock me up some grub. You better eat some as well because you’re all too skinny. And while you’re in there, that guy sitting in the cab is hungry, so fix him a bacon sandwich while you’re at it.”

************

Carol’s roommates had now fully turned. The girls and one boy having been attacked whilst they slept by a demon whom they used to think was their friend. Young Carol who was now nothing more than dust and bone fertilizing the plants that lined the drive to Igor’s mansion. The happy girl who loved her E’s waking as she had after fainting whilst the Coont had been over. The vampire getting just a bit too carried away as he’d fed once more on Carol’s blood. Leaning over her, his feet firmly planted to the bedroom floor in his wellington boots.

The girl dying quickly from the lack of blood in her system as he drank just that bit too much and then waking herself with teeth and an unimaginable thirst. A thirst she immediately quenched on all of her four roommates and one boyfriend as they’d come home, one after the other, to find Carol waiting in the darkness.

Now they waited also. All five of them tucked away in closets and under beds of their home that they’d no longer be paying rent on. Hiding from the light of day, as they listened to the world they once knew pass by outside. Their mouths and insides crying out for blood as the color of their onetime healthy skin slowly drained. All of them feeling the need to feed and the magnetic pull to be with their true master.

The same pull Father Christmas now felt as he hid from the light in the shadows of the mini-mall on Robson. His sad life as a mortal now ended, and his rebirth into a demonic world had begun. His new thirst only slightly greater than the one for alcohol which had cursed him throughout his mortal existence. The man under a tarp feeling a sudden fresh vigor and strength now, as though his body had just been resurrected. The man eying through the tarp’s tiny holes his neighbor who’d just moved into the opposite doorway with a shopping trolley larger than his own.

And as the sun slowly set in the west, drifting leisurely down behind the mountains, until its glow was just a memory, the newly born vampires prepared to step out into the dark.

Luke and his brother Broden both now feeling larger than they were. Father Christmas freshly sated with blood on his beard after sucking the life from a fellow downtrodden soul. Two skateboarders who’d been waiting with their boards in an underground carpark. Carol’s roommates and boyfriend loud and excited as they followed the same route as their friend, who the night before, had destroyed their lives. All of them looking for their first victims, feeling the thirst for blood, waiting for their true Master’s call. Then all at once, they heard him as he summoned them.

************

The Coont had been the first to emerge at the mansion as darkness fell. Making his way out from the crevices in the cellar. Floating up the stairs and into the foyer without his wellington boots once touching the floor. His throat once again sore from bellowing Igor’s name in vain.

His queen following behind as she tried to keep up. Josephine’s bosom bouncing as she clonked along in her big leather boots, wishing she, too, could float the same, through the mansion.

The Coont made it outside, and now stood balancing in his boots on the top of the special railing Igor had built and liked to lean against with his beer.

Spreading his arms out with his white crinkled face to the new moon, the Coont breathed deeply as he sniffed the evening air. The vampire letting out a deathly chilling roar. There were disciples coming. He could smell them in the very far distance, and others who had yet to turn. His instincts now as strong as they had ever been after feeding on so much drug-infused blood.

He turned to his queen beside him and their new slave, who’d annoyingly just woken.

“Disciples cometh - where est mine Igor?”

It was hard for the Coont to admit, but he needed him just as much as he wished to end his sorry life. His slave from centuries before who was still around, but playing up at the moment. The man necessary -not only to do his beckoning, but also for his safety. For as strong as the Coont was, there were still elements that would make him weak. Elements such as the direct sun and daylight that were without hindrance to the warrior slave. Elements such as the Lupei family, whom his ancient slave understood and could manipulate. This family still out there and pursuing him, even now in these strange times. This was only too apparent to the vampire, despite his superciliousness and grandeur.

But where was he, this slave he’d rescued from the demons that came after his warrior’s battlefield death? He looked at this new slave they called Max standing there in his tight trousers which had holes in them and wondered how else the man could serve him, besides being the procurer of maidens and this white powder they craved. The man being certainly no warrior. Having thrown him through a wall on their first meeting and crushed his brain on the second. Could he have done the same to Igor? Perhaps, but like the owner of a savage dog kept solely to protect, he was still wary and respectful of the man.

His new Queen Josephine stood below him. She was strong, yes, but as she stood to his right, his left felt empty and out of balance. Symmetry was needed. This was a space that should definitely be filled. A King without queens was a king without strength, he thought. He needed to be flanked.

He looked to Max and then turning looked to the inside of the mansion’s main living room. Simone was there, this woman whom he’d been feeding off the previous night. She’d also been giving sex with her mouth to this slave Max, as he sat with a grin in that big reclining chair which Igor must have been relaxing in whilst he was stuck inside his casket.

Maybe she would look good once she’d cleaned up the same as Josephine had? he thought. She was definitely the best yet, even if she did smell of fish. It was certainly slim pickings. Not like in the old days, when there had been beauty to choose from. Queens and princesses who lived in great palaces that were accessible to his charms.

Casting his hand out like the prima donna he was, he said to his new slave,

“A second queen, thy master commandeth.... Not be-eth the one whom eateth thou crum.”

Max stared up at the man. What did he want? he thought. For once, believing he’d caught the word queen. He wanted a gay guy? Max asked,

“You want a queen?”

The Coont had spoken. What he wanted had already been stated. He’d said enough. Ignoring the slave, he raised his hand, summoning another maiden close to Simone. One who was lying spaced out on the floor in the living room.

Feeling the pull of the Coont’s will, slowly, Candy came around. Through her blurry eyes she looked at him in the distance perched upon the deck’s railing in his cloak and wellies. The tall, skinny hooker pulling herself to her feet and straightening her skirt. The woman quickly remembering she’d lost a heel on one of her shoes she’d picked up at the charity store.

Fuck, Candy thought as she tried to stand. Her head still spinning from the loss of blood the previous night, and the amount of drugs she’d pounded into her body in the afternoon. The woman once again wasted, straight after she’d fixed the drug dealer a bacon sandwich, and then broken her heel on the steps, delivering another to the mumbling cab driver outside.

Trying to walk normally, she hobbled through the large main room, passing the food on the floor and the blood-stained leather sofa on route as the Coont beckoned. She could see the slut, Josephine, there beside him, trying to look cool and superior as she had the previous night, just before Candy had passed out and then woken to find them biting her neck.

It wasn’t right, letting them abuse her the way they had. But with the free drugs on offer, the positive had outweighed the negative. Even if there was some guy’s head sitting in the lobby.

Fuck, what kind of desensitized monster had she become? Years before, she’d been a schoolteacher. She’d have told abused kids that their self-worth was more important than anything the abusers used to entice and keep them in a situation. But here she was, five years later, stuck like an altar boy, in a Catholic priests web.

She should walk out right now, she thought. Climb into that bacon-eating Arab’s cab and get the fuck out of there. She reached the outside deck, the reality of what was going down ripping through her as she felt the chill of the night air on her face. The malicious look and smile of the slut Josephine staring at her as she approached. Then she saw the woman’s teeth, and as if a veil had lifted from her eyes, she saw everything exactly as it was.

Fuck me, they’re Goddamn vampires, she thought—now it all made sense. They were completely real and not made up for some cheesy fancy dress party or whatever her pickled mind had led her to believe. Slowing down, she came to a stop and stared at them both. The Coont up on his perch, beckoning her with his bony fingers. Josephine below, waiting in anticipation for her first feed of the night.

Then she felt the pull, the evil force that drew her to the Coont. Trying to resist, she stood for a moment as she looked up at the man’s face, seeing the evil in his eyes, his white skin. Unable to resist, she moved towards them, one uneven step at a time, until she was right there.

The Coont spoke as he looked down upon her, “Drinketh thou queen shalt first. My second queen thou after becometh.”

Candy watched with her heart now pounding as Josephine’s eyes changed from brown to black. The vampire pulling her deep red lips tight back around her fanged teeth as she leaned her head forward. Twisting her mouth towards Candy’s neck as she moved in to bite.

With all the strength she could muster, Candy burst out of the Coont’s spell and quickly struck out, catching him off guard and pushing the Coont’s wellington boot laden feet away from him, bringing his head down with a thump, hitting Josephine in the head first, before he smashed into the deck’s railing where he’d been standing.

In a terrified panic, Candy turned and tried to run in her broken high heels. Kicking them off, she then sprinted back inside with her arms flailing as she passed Max standing in Igor’s messed up living room. Bursting through to the lobby and just missing Ray Raye’s decapitated head as she hit the front door. Pulling it open, she raced down the steps back into the night. Stopping at the cab, she tried the door and opening it, she jumped in shouting as she stared at the meter and the driver as he rocked to-and-fro. Candy screaming as she swatted a half-eaten bacon sandwich from under her ass.

“Get the fuck out of here now!”

With her heart pounding she stared at the front door to the mansion. But stuck in the trance-like spell he was himself battling, Hamza wasn’t going anywhere.

With the front door still open, but free of pursuing vampires, Candy quickly got back out the cab and raced barefoot across the gravel to Max’s black Range Rover. She opened the driver’s door and saw the keys still in the ignition. In blind panic, she jumped in, and almost before her ass had hit the seat, she’d started the engine. Finding reverse, she hit the gas and flew backwards across the drive towards the side of the mansion, crashing the car as she reversed it straight into Igor’s double garaged door.

Stretching her legs down and with her ass pushed back into the seat, she rammed her foot hard on the brake and slammed the car into drive. Hitting the gas, Candy felt the force of the Range Rover as it pulled forward just as Josephine appeared at the door and began to run straight at her. The vampire queen moving quicker than was humanly possible. Slamming the steering wheel to the right, Candy threw Max’s Range Rover towards Josephine as she ran at the car. The car striking the vampire briefly as her taloned fingers scratched at the side of the window as she passed.

Then, just as she’d brushed aside the vampire, she found Igor’s flowerpots that lined the driveway. Hitting one and then another and another, sending flowers, topsoil, and smashed terracotta up on to the car’s hood and windshield, until finally she reached the end of the driveway.

Breathing heavy, Candy made the exit, smashing the wrought iron gates open as she powered the Range Rover through. Still stuck in first gear, she hit the road, and with the car’s engine screaming, kept it that way right until the police car pulled up in front of her at the T junction at the road’s end.

Screaming and crying in desperation, Candy looked around from one way to the other. Then she spun completely, looking towards the direction of Igor’s mansion as the lights from the police car came on and washed across her face. Out of nowhere, a police officer knocked on the window. Turning her head, Candy looked up at him as the man stood there in the darkness and signaled for her to lower her window down. Terrified, Candy shook her head from side to side as she heard the police officer telling her this time, “Wind down the window.”

She screamed, “There’s fucking vampires chasing me!”

Reaching to see if the door was open, the policeman asked again and seeing that it wasn’t, he said this time in a firm tone,

“Madam, please open the window, or I will be forced to open the door myself and arrest you.”

Candy stared up at the man as she felt the tears stream down her face and drip off her chin. Reaching down, she looked for the window controls and dropped the window an inch, then said with her voice still shaking,

“Please help me, they’re going to kill me.”

“Who’s going to kill you, madam?”

“Vampires.”

“Vampires?”

“Yes,” Candy said, her voice shaking as she looked back through the darkness toward the direction of the mansion once again.

“As in Dracula?”

Candy nodded. “Yes, yes one of them looks like him yes.” Then she spun her neck towards the police officer who was now remembering seeing Dracula himself the day before. Except he had been in a Tesla, if he recalled. Candy said,

“They’re back there in that mansion. Look, this is where they have been biting me!”

She wasn’t wrong, the policeman thought. Someone had been biting her as there were marks on her neck and blood, for that matter. She was also spaced out, and there were plants and dirt all over the front of the car. He asked, “Can I see your license, please?”

She didn’t have it. In fact, the reality was she didn’t have one these days at all. What was worse, though, was that the man didn’t believe a word she said. Becoming hysterical, she said again, “Please, please help me. Go to the fucking house and see for yourself if you don’t believe me. There’s someone’s fucking head in the foyer!”

And as soon as the words left her lips, she saw them standing behind the policeman in the darkness across the road. Unable to control herself, she started to cry, blubbering at first, then as true panic and the instinct for real survival set in, she reached up, again slammed the car into drive, and pulled away fast. Turning the wheel as she neared the police car, Candy hit the car’s rear fender and bashed it along with its flashing lights out of the way.

Unable to believe what had just happened, the policeman just stared for a moment before he reached for his radio to call it in. Then turning, he saw them for himself. The Coont and his queen standing there quietly in the darkness on the other side of the road. It was him, he thought, the man I’d seen in the Tesla with the scarred-up guy down by the bridge. He said,

“Do you know this woman, sir?”

But the Coont and his queen were not answering. In fact, all they were doing was walking towards him slowly. Then just as his gut told him it was time to draw the weapon that he hadn’t pulled in over five years, they were there. Feeling the woman duck to one side and her teeth dig into his neck, he heard the man who looked like Dracula say out loud as he felt his lifeblood drain from his body, “Feedeth queen, feedeth.”





CHAPTER NINETEEN

Josephine fed off the policeman until there was almost no life left in his body, and then as a light pre-meal snack, despite the indigestion, the Coont finished him off. Leaving him for dead, lying at the side of the dark lane, close to his now smashed squad car with its flashing lights.

They moved on.

We have a choice now, the Coont thought, we could go back to my castle and feed again on any of those skinny maidens that were still alive or we could find villagers that lived close by. His new chariot had now been stolen by that woman who did not want to be queen. So it was either fly alone or walk with this queen. One thing was for certain - his little taste of the blood from this knight had quenched his thirst for the moment. But, his mind and body hadn’t come alive as it normally would when he had tasted the maidens from this strange place. Feeling the acid build up in his chest, he stopped, and looked again at the police car. Staring with his deep red eyes at the chariot’s strange, flashing, colored flames he’d now given up trying to understand, he said,

“The city before us is of time. Let us feast upon its villagers, my queen.”

************

Max was pissed off. His car was gone, and from the look of the double garage door and the black paint marks dug into it, it had been his new Range Rover that had done the damage. Not only that, there were plants and smashed pots all over his lawn and driveway.

He walked to the side of the taxicab and knocked on the window. Once he realized that the man wasn’t going to lower it for him, he opened the door. As the mixed smell of sweat and bacon hit his nostrils, he said,

“What the fuck’s gone on out here?”

“Allahu Akbar - Allahu Akbar.” Hazma chanted back. Before following it up with a full prayer as he held on to the Koran, reciting from the pages within.

Max waited in the night air until the man was finished before screaming at him, “Where’s my fucking car?” Then he waited until the answer he was expecting did not come. In complete frustration, he asked again.

“Where - is - my - fucking - car?”

To which Hamza simply answered.

“Allahu Akbar ... Allahu Akbar.”

Things weren’t going well for the new manager in charge.

************

If ever there was a time for the Lupei boys to attack the mansion for the sole purpose of stealing the gold, it was now. But unfortunately, they were not aware that at this precise time the only people guarding it was a drug dealer who was out of his depth, and a couple of crack whores whose attention span switched between making bacon sandwiches to getting high, in precisely that order.

Getting in and out with the gold and leaving incendiary devices throughout the cellar to burn the Coont and whoever he’d recruited into oblivion when they returned to sleep would have been a great way to go. But instead, the boys were sitting waiting in their little stuffy motel room on Kingsway after planning an attack that was doomed to fail. The two boys left with only Sorin’s phone between them which he’d now switched off due to their uncles’ constant pestering and now squabbling over a plan of Cristi’s, which Sorin was not 100% sure would work.

“We’re here to rid the earth of a demon, not run a fucking heist,”

Sorin said for what he felt was the hundredth time. Wondering each time he’d said it, exactly how much gold the guy needed? And the answer to that was simple—as much as he could get out of that basement without being killed.

In Cristi’s mind, he’d already spent the horde he’d risked his life for, and that was okay. The Lamborghini being traded down in his head to a nice Alpha Romeo that he’d always coveted and maybe a house on the coast. Of course he’d have to drop a percentage to his side of the family, but that would only be a percentage of a figure he allowed them to know about to keep them off his back.

The kid now enjoying the fact that since he’d lost his phone, the incessant calling had stopped. What Sorin wasn’t seeing in Cristi’s mind, was that if they could get the lot and smuggle it back to Romania and have killed the Coont in the process, then they really would be kings, and kings can own palaces and have queens and football teams and fleets of the finest cars, and - and - and.

“But we could just as easily die or worse,”

Sorin countered as he’d sat there and looked at the small supply of gold bars now stacked up on the cheap kitchen table. “And where would that get us?”

“Die trying, but if we don’t try, we don’t do.” Cristi countered. “The hardest thing’s killing the vampire, and that prick with the scars and whoever else is in there. And once we do that, then the gold’s the bonus.”

It was true what the young boy who’d gotten gold fever was saying. If they killed him, they would take it anyway, and that’s what they were there for and expected to do.

Cristi already had a new plan, but it was sketchy at best. They would buy high explosives with some of the money from the gold coins they’d already collected from when it was thrown their way at the apartment. Then they would sneak into the grounds at dawn and wait until the man with the scars left, then they’d go inside through the kitchen door if it was still smashed, or break in if it wasn’t. Once they were in, they’d lay explosives above the area Cristi had mapped out where the Coont must be sleeping in the cellar and any of the other passageways which he’d seen.

When it was all ready, they’d blow the ceilings out and the door to the cellar and let the daylight flood in from above. After that, they’d drop down and kill the Coont and whoever was left with his new sword. Just like the man with the scars had with the guy with the ponytail. After that, they’d reverse in a truck they’d hire and drag the gold out as quick as they could before the man with scars came back. That’s if he would come back at all, because as legend had it, if the Coont died, he died with him. Hence the man with the scars need to keep the Coont fed and watered so to speak. Easy peasy, as they say.

Except it wasn’t easy, as neither of them had ever handled explosives before and where would they get them in the first place? Which meant they needed a partner and that partner Cristi had found earlier that day in the carpark of a demolition company on Annacis Island.

The guy’s name had been Bill. For those that knew, him though, it was Bullshit Bill or Billy Bullshit. Either way, he was a wanker, and was in no mood to talk to a couple of Eastern European immigrant Covid-19 carrying motherfuckers at that point in time, having just been fired and all. But as soon as Cristi had mentioned gold, he’d been all ears. Because, reality was, what else was he going to do for the rest of the day except go to the titty bar and drink?

The guys he’d just been working for were fucking idiots, and he’d just told his punk kid boss exactly that. Hence the firing. Complete fucking idiots. Then he’d told the Lupei boys the same thing out in the carpark as he stood next to his Ford F150 truck and waved his nicotine-stained fingers around and spat out tiny droplets of spit onto the boys’ clothes.

“Yeah, what the fuck did these fucking morons know?”

He’d spend the last thirty years mining gold, silver, copper, blown this up, blown the fuck out of that, mines, pits, houses, tanks, mansions, whatever. The middle-aged man blowing his way from one job to the next, until the only place left was the firm that owned the carpark where he now stood, and with his big mouth and attitude, he’d blown that job as well.

This, though, was different. Vampires and slaves, who were as old as the hills, who kept gold in the basement of a mansion in some mysterious location close to the city. Gold, of which his cut would be 20%, as the kids would do the vampire killing.

It sounded like something out of some Goddamn fucking movie. But he knew things could get strange out there and you had to be open-minded like he was in life. Instead of narrow-minded like his brother, who hadn’t listened to his warnings and had gone and gotten himself killed by Sasquatch like he did.

So all the boys had to do now was wait for Bill—or Billy Dynamite as he’d named himself this time around—to come over to their motel on Kingsway so they could formulate their plan for the next day. Then they’d be on their way. But the big problem was, Bullshit Bill was already at the mansion.

************

It hadn’t taken Bullshit Bill long to find the place after the young boys from fuck-knows-where had slowly given out all the details bit by bit, until he’d worked out the mansion laden with gold and full of blood-sucking vampires with a forest at the back and a large drive at the front was on the North shore. Then, with a quick trip to the library where he’d stank up the place with his oily clothes and greasy fingers, he’d searched the maps on a public computer and come straight out half an hour later with the address for Igor’s mansion.

These kids who were waiting for him back at their shithole motel so as they could work on the plan were maybe not the idiot dreamers he had taken them for. As from what he could see, as he’d waited outside, they were right on track. So far, the boys had been correct, with the woman screaming and crashing the Range Rover out of the driveway and the hot chick in leather he kind of recognized who’d chased after her. Followed by the guy with the wellies who seemed to float. Things were getting interesting.

If there was truly such a thing as vampires, he’d just seen two. As the woman with no shoes and a short dress who needed to learn how to drive had obviously just discovered also. Not that anyone would believe him if he’d told them. Just like they didn’t believe him about his brother, or that he’d killed a Grizzly with just a hunting knife and a cougar with his teeth.

The vampires, if that’s what they were, had gone out. So, what he needed to do was go in. It was simple. There would be no need to make a scene and blow up a nice place like this. Not that he could though if he’d wanted to, having no dynamite. He just needed to treat it like one of his house removal jobs he’d done back in the day, before he got his explosives ticket.

He moved from the trees to the side of the house and found the open backdoor to the kitchen that the kids had talked of. Picking up a bacon sandwich from a plate, he moved on into the house. There was someone in there also whom he could hear talking loudly. Some guy on his phone going off to whoever would listen about his car being stolen and smashed up by some skinny hooker.

Passing him, he found the foyer and some guy’s head, Bullshit Bill looking down at it as he stuffed the rest of the sandwich in his chops. Then Bullshit moved on, under some stupid over the-top glass lamps and along a corridor until he found the door the boys had spoken about.

Slowly he opened it up, hearing every creak and metal clink as he did. The smell of the bodies hitting him hard and letting him know he was at the right place. Gently he moved down the stairs and for the first time in his life, felt the hairs on the back of his neck truly stand up. He reached the bottom and pulled out his flashlight and looked around. The bodies were there, one with no head, cracks dug out of the ceiling, but no vampires. He took a right and walked to the end of the passageway in a darkness that reminded him of his days working the mines until they’d fired him. He stopped, looking at the antechamber at the end, shining his flashlight about and catching the Coont’s ironwood coffin sitting in center place with its lid on.

Turning, he walked back, seeing the light of the foyer streaming down the stairs in the far distance. Reaching it, he stopped to listen. There was no sound, just him, his breathing, his heart. He moved on, stepping over the dead bodies just like he had told people he had when he was a mercenary, fighting with the Kurds in Syria and against Wagner’s men in the Ukraine.

He found the other passageway and carried on with his flashlight leading the way. Its beam scraped along the old stone walls. Finding the door, he opened it. The chests inside, just as the kid had said. As was the kid’s phone as he’d said, and the gold bars and coins inside covered by dust and cobwebs. Jesus Christ almighty, that was a lot of gold, he thought as he stared at the precious metal, now matte and dull from the years of neglect. Having worked the mines and seen what was produced by a team of workers over a day, this was just huge. Fuck! He had horseshoes up his ass, he thought. Where would he have been tonight had he not have worn his new jeans to work, then told his foreman to go fuck himself for making him do something that got his knees dirty?

Lifting as many gold bars and coins as he could, he filled the pockets of his jacket and his new lucky jeans. What I need to do, he thought, as he made his way back down the passageway and over the two bodies, was to get my big bag and fill it as best I can. Then stash the bounty just outside and come back and do it again. If the guy on the phone came out, he’d have to outmaneuver him and put him to sleep with a chokehold he’d invented years before when he’d worked in Port Alberni.

He reached the top of the stairs and crept along the foyer’s corridor. Whoever it was on the phone was still talking the same shit as he had earlier. Stopping at the front door, he looked to Ray Raye’s head on the floor and wondered if it once went with the body down below. High chance it had, he thought, as he gave the front door a go and snuck outside.

Now all he needed to do was get past the cabbie out there waiting, and he’d be okay.

Moving quietly, he passed the back of the cab, hearing the bullshit chanting that came from within. Then he ran as quickly as he could along the wall. He hit the smashed-up gate and coughed his guts out, then ran the next five hundred feet uphill to his truck.

Reaching it, he leaned in, resting the top of his head on the rear panel above the wheel. With his hands flat above him, he pushed firmly into the truck’s rear canopy top. Fuck, I’m out of shape. He could feel the red-hot pokers inside his lungs as they burnt. He coughed, bringing up a big chunk of something mixed with blood that shouldn’t have been there and spat it onto the tarmac.

It wasn’t going to work. Not running up and down here with all that gold, he thought, no fucking way. He’d be dead before he had the chance to show it off. What he needed to do was get the truck down there. Park it where the Range Rover had been. Load it quickly and get the fuck out of town.

He walked around and opened the front door, threw all the gold he’d run up the hill with onto the passenger side seat, and jumped in. Starting the truck up, he turned around and coasted in neutral back down the hill until he reached the gate.

Nothing had changed - the taxi was still there, and the front door was still ajar. Fuck it. He’d do it, go right down and be done in less than ten minutes, fifteen tops. And if that guy, whoever he was, stopped giving it on the phone, then it was simple - and Port Alberni chokehold time.

With a little run up, Bullshit Bill took his truck through the entranceway with its smashed front gate giving it enough speed, cut the engine, and coasted all the way down and parked up hidden in amongst the trees at the side of the mansion. Leaving the nose of the truck pointing unseen towards the drive and giving himself enough room to escape quickly if need be.

Grabbing the biggest bag he could, he got out and closed the door quietly and snuck back down to the cellar. Hearing Max still on his phone, still jawing it up about his car on the way as predicted. Stepping back over the bodies, he made it to the antechamber laden with gold, and taking just the gold bars first, he began to load up.

Three minute later, he was back up top, quietly lifting the heavy bag laden with gold and placing it down on the rear truck bed. Pulling each bar out one at a time, he began to stack them quickly in a crisscrossed formation. A minute later, he was back down below, and three minutes later, he was back up again, laying out some more. Then again and again, until all that was left below in the chests were the coins now laying spilled at the bottom of the crates.

Bullshit Bill stared at the gold stacked up in the back of his truck. Jesus fuck mother Mary, it was a crazy amount, he thought. What he’d need to do was go buy a small piece of land up country near Quesnel, then tell everyone he was opening a mine. He’d dig a deep fucking hole, with just a shovel and pickaxe, just like those tough prospecting fucks used to do. Then he’d melt this shit down and pretend he’d dug it all up himself. Produce his own bars with Big Bill stamped into their tops. Then every one of his old bosses who had told him he was a loser would hear about how he was now worth hundreds of millions, and they could all just go cunt off.

He opened the bag and began to pull out the bars, then stopped. What was the point? There was no need to unpack this haul. All he needed now was the coins. He could fill every pocket he had with the coins, and he would be done. It would be a clean sweep. A jalopy? A good night’s work. Three minutes tops, and he’d be on his way. Locking up the truck front and back, he moved quickly back to the mansion, through the foyer, and back down into the cellar.

He reached the chest, the area and the smell completely familiar to him. Scooping up a handful of coins, he began to fill up one pocket at a time. Squeezing the coins into every top pocket, side pocket, inside pocket and trouser pocket he had, until there was no room for any more, he stared at the bottom of the chest. There was about fifty left, give or take a couple, he estimated. He felt the dust particles tickle his nose. Fuck it, you should have brought the bag ... Put them in your socks, load your socks up, you idiot, he told himself in his head. Then he leaned in, reaching deep to the bottom of the chest, and with one scoop, he’d grabbed half. Leaning down, he felt the weight of his jacket pulling on him as he lifted his trouser leg, opened the top of his stinky winter socks, and dropped the coins down. He felt their cold metal on the thin skin of his ankle as gravity pulled them down, lodging them at the side of his boot alongside his heel. He grabbed the rest and did the same with his left leg, saying to himself the old words his father used to say to him before he’d left the family for that stripper when he was a boy,

“If a job’s worth doing ...”

Then as he stood, feeling the evil presence behind him as every hair moved swiftly to attention and his stomach turned a somersault inside. Fuck, what did I do? he thought. I had it, you could have gone, you fool. Hoping it was just his mind, just the adrenaline of the heist wearing off after emptying the trunk. He stared at his flashlight, wedged at the top of the trunk next to the now dead phone, its beam crashing into its lid. Slowly, he began to turn and in the dim light, he saw behind him, the Coont with his white skin and red eyes, standing silently by the door.





CHAPTER TWENTY

Carol’s roommates made it across the bridge without distraction. The water below looking ominous as the tide shifted, pulling the water in the harbor back out into the Strait of Georgia. They were closer now to their vampire master, whom they had never seen, but could now sense.

The thirst, though, was strong, and none of the young women and the young man who accompanied them had yet to feed. They reached Park Royal and continued west towards Ambleside, passing the sports fields with their stadium lights glowing bright. The Coont’s presence and aura calling to them, summoning them to their new God.

They reached Ambleside village, quiet now, bar the odd car that passed through and a couple of noisy dwarfs who were trespassing on the chairs of a coffee shop now closed. The little dwarf men whooping and hollering as they waved at the girls as if they’d seen a prize steer at the rodeo. Both boys pulling their cowboy hats from their heads and calling to them with gibberish-sounding words which ended in ‘baby’ as the group passed them by.

Both boys were vampires also - the roommates knew this without a doubt. As were the skate boarders and the two homeless men who pushed their trolleys along not too far behind them. They were thirsty also and they all needed blood. By the time they’d reached the next block, they had formed as a group. The mixed stench of sweat and urine drifting off the skin and clothes of both Father Christmas and the man he’d just killed irrelevant now to the group of girls who had once felt revulsed as they’d passed by doorways, smelling the odor of these same men or men alike, lost in a cycle of despair.

As though a beacon was flashing, the group found 21st Street that headed straight up the road following the slope of the mountain. And just as Carol days before had felt the pull become stronger with every step, so did they. This mixed group now together - whose paths in their previous lives would never have crossed. Lives that had now been cut short, directly and indirectly by a monster who’d been allowed to rise from the grave via a Romanian boy’s bravado, when he should have been left to sleep.

************

By the time they had reached the mansion there was another car sitting in the driveway along with the taxi and the pickup truck nestled away, hidden in the trees.

This time it was a big flashy red AMG Mercedes coupe designed to fly at 279 kph, but had never been past half that. It’s owner there at the invitation of Max, who had, via a group text, given out the mansion’s address like a worm on a hook. Telling anyone he knew who were already ruining their lives with drugs and willing to take the bait that this vampire’s new lair was the place to be.

And come they had. The first arriving in his flashy suit, looking like a million dollars and wishing to get high as a kite and maybe a blow job if he was lucky from the sex goddess in leather who’d greeted him at the door. The stockbroker who kept the panties of the women he’d fucked in his red AMG Mercedes coupe’s center consul sizing up the property for a possible big broker commission, ignoring the head of some guy who looked like Lemmy on the floor when he’d stepped inside. The guy looking up instead at the lavish chandeliers, and already in his mind placing them in the glossy brochure he printed monthly and kept on the coffee table at his sharp office downtown.

He looked to the strange guy dressed as Dracula and the crackhead hookers with short skirts and scabby legs sitting in the living room.

Before he could mention a word about being there to see his friend Max, or ask the guy in fancy dress whether he’d be interested in exploring the vast financial opportunities which could be gained in investing with his company in tech stock, the Coont had bit him and screamed out, as he’d sampled the man’s blood, and spat it out onto the foyer’s marble floor.

“Bringeth me thou maidens whom hath blood of nectar!”

Passing the man off in disgust, Queen Josephine, quickly pounced, feeding upon the man, killing him with her ravenous hunger.

Then others had slowly arrived in cars which were now stacked up along the driveway. Cars full of party people. Young and old, all mixing together with the drug-addicted hookers and vampires. All ignoring the obvious danger signs as they gorged themselves on the free drugs, whilst their strange new residents, the young, the derelict and the two dwarfs, gorged on them.

************

The Lupei boys cruised past the mansion. Judging by the number of cars that now filled the driveway, there was some sort of function going on at the mansion. All pissed off, Cristi said,

“I don’t see that Bill guy’s truck here. I don’t think he believed us.”

Sorin didn’t answer. He hadn’t particularly liked the idea of blowing the place up in the first place, but apart from going into the tunnels during the day, he could not come up with a better plan. Cristi was right, though. Chances were high Bill thought they were stupid and there were no Ford F150 trucks in the driveway or parked up in the small lane at the back. Taking a deep breath, Cristi said as he felt his hair with his hand,

“I bet he’s in there stealing it. Stealing our fucking gold. We should never have told him.”

Sorin leaned back in the seat of the rental car as he drove. Then taking his hands off the wheel, he said,

“Look, you didn’t give him the address. The guy probably just thought you were an idiot.”

“Me?” Cristi answered as he lowered the sun visor and checked his hair. “You were there as well. He could have worked it out from what we said. Why’d you tell him it was over here? You should have kept that quiet. Now he may have fucked us, and we’ll lose the lot.”

Having enough of the guy harping on about the gold all day, Sorin eventually said, “We’re here to kill a vampire, not a fucking heist, so tell me, what difference does it make?”

Cristi stayed quiet, then heard Sorin spit out,

“Besides, you’ve got some already!”

Yeah, I have some, Cristi thought, but it wasn’t enough, and there was more in that chest, and it was going to be his. Not some fucking greasy piece of shit with cigarette-stained fingers and fucked-up teeth. He stayed quiet for the moment as he looked out the window at the houses they were now passing and wondered if they knew they had a vampire as a neighbor. Then without looking around, he said into the window as he smelled the food they’d just eaten blow back at him,

“Yeah, you said.”

They came around again, using the same route as they had the last five times that evening. This time, though, Sorin slowed and stopped the car outside the now smashed gate. Staying silent, the two boys looked down the long driveway to the mansion with the cars lined up and the taxi sitting outside.

“The driver’s in that cab still,” Sorin said.

“Yeah, he was there the other day,” Cristi answered as he remembered seeing the man waving his head back and forth and worrying the man would see him scramble over the wall. He carried on,

“You’d think they’d kill him and eat him.”

Sorin looked to his cousin and smiled. “They don’t eat people, Cristi. They drink their blood. They’re not wolves or zombies.”

“It’s all the same shit.”

It wasn’t, thought Sorin, it was completely different. But from having spent the last week or so with the guy, he knew arguing the point was a waste of breath. Instead, he said,

“You never know; that explosive guy we met could have worked it out and is in there, except they killed him. I mean, he could have hardly found the place and got here in daylight hours. So maybe he went in after dark and got killed, same as Philippe?”

It was a possibility, they both knew that, and deep down Cristi hoped if the guy had found the place and was ripping them off, it was the case. He thought back to the body of his cousin, who he hardly knew rotting in the basement. Suddenly, feeling a chill run up his spine as the memory of that and everything else he’d seen whilst being inside that cellar floated through him.

Rechecking the car’s doors and windows to make sure they were all locked and safe inside, he asked,

“You know, what our uncles said about if we’re inside and they’re outside, then we’re safe as long as we don’t invite them in?”

“Yeah.”

“Well, do those same rules apply to a car?’’

“Maybe?” Sorin answered, as he thought about that one and looked to Cristi’s new stolen sword sitting hidden under a shirt alongside the car’s center consul. Then followed it up with,

“I’d rather not find out the hard way though.”

He pulled the car away. Both boys holding onto the mansion’s view for as long as they could. Both boys wondering if the other had the guts to go in there at night and join the party.

************

Without any sort of plan in place, they continued to circle the mansion in near silence. The boys stopping each time outside the gate until the fear inside had moved them on again. Taking their time due to the smashed cop car sitting alone at the end of the road. Eventually, another appearing next to it. The solitary policeman sitting in its driver’s seat, wondering what had happened as he tapped into his computer as though the outside world no longer existed. The boys waiting out of sight until both cars were gone and dawn came.

As the sun began to rise, skimming its rays across the chimney tops on the mansion’s roof, the Lupei boys drove the car around and waited in the road on the other side of the smashed gates. Cautious from habit, the boys opened the doors to the car and got out, then stood hidden behind the gate posts looking down the driveway still packed with cars.

“What about the scarred guy?”

Sorin asked as he looked through all the cars in the daylight for a gold Tesla.

Still holding his stolen sword, Cristi lifted it and gave it a couple of swings. The sword somehow passing its strength into him as it cut through what Sorin could only assume was the mental image Cristi had of the man with scars in his mind.

They drove the car then to the rear of the garden and parked it in the same spot they had on the days previous. The trees they’d used to scale the wall were still there unmoved and untouched from where they’d thrown them to the ground. Dropping their backpacks full of stakes, plus the sword into the garden, they followed them as the boys dropped down to the now flattened brush. Feeling the ground give as they landed in the soft vine-covered earth below with a thump. Five minutes later, they were back hidden by the trees and looking to the kitchen at the side of the house that was still missing a door.

This time the house seemed full, not surprising for the boys given the amount of cars in the drive. Waiting, they stared out across the garden at the crowd as it spilled out onto the patio. Sorin saying as he watched the men and women laughing whilst they chatted and drank from their champagne flutes,

“Isn’t it a little early for champagne?”

It was, the sun had not long come up, the day just starting.

“Maybe they’ve yet to go to bed,” Cristi answered without looking around. How many times as a kid growing up in Bucharest had he gone to bed with his parents whooping it up with friends and come down in the morning for breakfast to the same scene? Still looking straight ahead, he continued,

“You think they’re vampires?”

Sorin shrugged. “Could be, but if so, why are they out in the light?” Then he surprised himself as he said, “Let’s go in.”

They snuck across the garden and stood with their bags on their backs at the kitchen door. There was talking coming from within the kitchen. Tucking the sword behind his back, Cristi peeked inside. A woman in her twenties along with a man of the same age were leaned over the granite center counter, snorting lines of cocaine. With a quick look to Sorin, Cristi slipped into the mansion, followed by his cousin. Keeping in the light and with their senses on full alert, they passed through the kitchen and then onto the corridor and stopped at the entrance to a dark corridor which Cristi knew led to the foyer at the front of the mansion. Turning to his cousin and whispering he said,

“This takes us to the front.”

Taking comfort in the light bleeding through into the passageway’s end, they took a deep breath to subdue their fear. Then stepping into the passageway’s darkness they moved onwards. Taking a quick left at the passageways end, they stepped back into the light and smelled the stench of Ray Raye’s rotting head lying on the ground out in the mansion’s foyer.

Both of Napoleon’s chandeliers lay smashed on the blood-stained marble floor along with the grandfather clock. The ancient hand-cut crystals scattered around Ray Raye’s head caught in the bright light that drifted down from the windows above.

Cristi stared at the man’s head, remembering how he had looked just before the man with the scars had severed it with the sword he was now carrying. The flies buzzed around Ray Raye’s eye sockets, sitting on his lips and crawling in and out of his nose. Looking over to Sorin and nodding quietly, he said,

“Told you.”

They walked to the main door and feeling the glass crunch beneath their feet, tried it. It was locked. Then, as they looked towards the end of the foyer’s corridor which led to the cellar door, they simultaneously felt themselves jump as they heard a voice from behind.

“You the guys bringing back my Range Rover?”

************

The boys spun around to see Max standing in the middle of the now darkened living room. The guy turning his attention away from them briefly and looking back up at a stockbroker as he clung to the crevice he’d dug himself in the ceiling. The man with no interest now in tech stocks or the Dow Jones or increasing the pantie collection he kept in his car. His black eyes looking down upon the drug dealer who wanted the keys to his fancy red AMG Mercedes. Max, moving back and forward, treading the stale food into the carpet as he spoke up at him.

“Listen, man, just give me the keys to the Merc, for fuck’s sake. It’s not like you’re going to be driving the fucking thing.”

The newly turned vampire letting the drug dealer know via his snarl that the keys were staying in his pocket. In frustration, Max threw his arms into the air and turned back to the two boys. Again he shouted out,

“So you guys got my ride or what?”

Max moved towards them and stood in the light from the foyer windows with his back to the now strangely murky living room. He carried on, saying,

“How bad that bitch smash it up?”

Cristi looked to the smashed chandeliers on the floor.

“Not as bad as that.”

Max’s laugh was more of a scoff as he also looked to the glass and blood on the marble along with Ray Raye’s head covered in flies buzzing all around it.

“Good,” he said. Then, pausing for a moment, he felt it necessary to add,

“that’s all fake, the blood and shit. We put rotten meat inside the head to get the smell and flies, you know, keeping it real, man. Did it for this theme party last night.”

Yeah right. Sorin thought as he looked to the guy standing there in his ripped jeans and new Nike’s, then to the glass all over the floor. Max carried on,

“Except for the chandelier’s, they’re real, some old French cunt’s. These little dwarf fuckers who were here thought they was at the circus and kept swinging on the things.”

And the two twins had been swinging and not just from the chandeliers. The boys with their newfound strength and confidence using their vampire charms to approach women and hit on them. Both showing off to their new coked-up girlfriends as they made the leap from the top landing towards Napoleon’s chandeliers, catching the bottom. Swinging their little legs as the metal chains’ hook and mount system took the strain. Shaking the fixtures to their limit as they swung towards each other like two clowns at the circus, until the chandeliers had come crashing down.

Looking at Cristi’s sword and then at the stakes sticking out of their backpacks, Max suddenly worked it out. Holy shit, it was all true, they really did exist. These kids were living, breathing vampire hunters, he thought. Smiling he asked, pointing to the sword,

“You know, those things don’t seem to have the same effect on me as they used to.” Then, with a nod towards the dark living room, he asked,

“You want some blow? Come on in, join the party. It’s free.”

The two boys stood there, not answering. Their faces saying it all - they didn’t want any.

Confused by the rejection, Max was about to carry on, when he heard Sorin ask.

“That guy with the scars, is he here?”

Max thought about that one, wondering if he was going to get lucky and have these kids do the dirty work for him and use the sword they were carrying to kill that stupid scarred prick. Replying and laughing as he shook his head, he answered,

“That guy, no, he’s gone. This is my place. Come on in, relax, there’s girls here.”

And the girls were certainly there as they could hear them somewhere in the darkness of the living room. Then the boys saw them, caught by the light from the foyer. The girls bitten but not yet turned, looking hot and sexy despite having yet to sleep. All of them standing there in their designer clothes as they faffed with their beautiful hair. Asking again, Max smiled as the girls gently signaled for the boys to come join them.

“Why don’t you boys come in and relax for a bit before you get yourselves back to where you’re supposed to be? Take a seat. I’m sure if you’re nice, the girls will blow you if you want.”

They didn’t want—in fact all they really wanted to do right now was leave, but deep down, they knew that if they did, they’d only be planning to come back again, so there was little point. They needed to somehow get the job done.

The boys stood there, both with their backpacks fastened tightly to their backs. Cristi with his sword still in his hand. Both knowing that with the sword they were safe from this guy they were talking to, and safe from whatever else was in the room. As long as they stayed in the daylight, that is, and away from any area made dark by thick curtains and painted out windows.

Staring beyond him into the living room, they allowed their eyes to adjust to the room’s dim light. This guy standing there in the daylight in his ripped jeans whilst young and old occupying the room behind him kept back in the darkness. The empty room they’d both seen only days before now full of what had to be vampires. Then they heard the hissing coming from the ceiling of the dark living room above the door. Looking up, they saw the demon Max had been shouting at as it crept along the ceiling towards them. The stockbroker still in his fancy suit staring back from a hidden crevice they’d watched him slip into. His eyes bright red from recently feeding, his skin pale and taut, his bony fingers made long by its nail-like talons.

The boys backed off and made for the front door only to find it just as locked as it had been moments before. They looked to the long bright corridor that ended with the door to the cellar where their cousin lay along with the torso of the man whose head was beside them now. They looked about. They had two options-go up the stairs or back the way they came. Slowly they made their way back across the glass-covered floor, passing Ray Raye’s head until they reached the door to the passageway which led to the kitchen. Opening it slowly, they peeked through at the light bleeding down from the reverse end just as it had for them when they’d arrived.

This time though, there was movement at the end, where the figure of a man could be seen waiting in the darkness. They stepped back and looked to Max, who still hadn’t moved and was simply smiling. Max said,

“Like I was saying, swords seem to have little effect on me these days.”

Ignoring him, they moved to the bottom of the stairs as the words of their grandfathers and all their dozy uncles circled around the boys’ heads. “Keep in the daylight - Keep in the daylight.”

They looked up to the landing. The light from the high foyer windows bathed the staircase and upper level. Slowly the boys began to move up the stairs one step at a time. Both watching back and forth from Max to the landing above. Cristi clenching Igor’s sword tight in both hands as Sorin held the stake he’d pulled from his backpack in both of his.

They reached the top of the stairs and looked down at the mess of the foyer and to Max as he stood away from the door, now in the full light of the foyer, staring up at them. If they carried on walking further away from him, they’d have to take one of the passageways that led away to the left or to the right. Both were dark, though and like the passageway below, there were people waiting in the shadows.

The Lupei boys were trapped.





CHAPTER TWENTY ONE

Having hardly left the small cottage by the water where the birds didn’t fly, Igor was finally ready. Spending every moment he’d had practicing and perfecting the musical pieces he was going to wow the classical music elite with.

Now all he needed to do was shower, put on his suit, and head up to the fantastic art center he’d built anonymously for the school. Then, he would sit on his stage and perform. If he was lucky, they’d all be there. Music critics and aficionado bloggers from all around the world. All there to hear the one remaining Stradivarius violin of its type left in the world being played by a newly discovered virtuoso.

It would be quite the achievement for the young lady who had by chance heard Igor playing violin on the beach. The man with scars lost in time as the music flowed while the young lady had sat quietly listening. The man with scars soon after agreeing to play for just her alone, so as she could hear his wonder and test the acoustics of the music center he himself had donated the millions to build.

Igor sitting there on the stage with his violin tucked beneath his chin making magic. Magic in the beauty of the sound he created, a magic that filled your senses and lifted one’s soul. A magic that took control, taking over whomever was lucky enough to hear the man who had been mastering the art for centuries on a priceless violin.

Feeling the sound drift off into the auditorium’s depths, the same woman had sat in the darkness, crying just as she had the first time she’d heard him play, standing after he had finished, showing herself first with her hidden applause, then secondly in person as she’d walked towards him with tear-stricken cheeks.

The young lady who called herself Mary, despite being christened Agnes, looking in awe to the man with the scars. The woman teaching music at the school after studying the same at university. Yet, never had she heard such wonder - not ever.

“You have to play more. The children needed to hear this,” she’d told him again, as the man who’d lived for centuries tried to leave.

“Not just the children, but the world needs to hear your magnificence. One more, please, please, please?” She’d asked over and over as she’d held her hands together.

“Please, oh please do. It would be so kind, not for me but for the children. Let them hear what I have heard. Let them feel as I just felt. They are here to learn, and from this, you can only inspire.”

And for the first time in his long, long life, Igor had played to children and the woman who’d stood there holding her phone secretly recording his magnificence in her long summer dress.

She’d sent the recording to one friend and from there the recording had spread. Crossing the world and captivating many who would never usually have shown interest. This man who was covered in scars. This huge man who looked like he had stepped straight off a medieval battlefield and somehow survived, playing the violin with such grace.

Then as word spread and as interest gained in this viral world we live in, some began to look further than the scars and the strong hands. As they studied not just the music he played, but what it was he playing it on, as well.

The violin, it was the first-ever Stradivarius. No, it was an Amati, they speculated. The music, it was a lost piece of work by Vivaldi or Valentini or Mozart, some said. Not that Igor had cared as he’d sat and read the comments below the small videos he’d watched. The man seeing his scars, remembering the battles from where they had come.

Then Mary had arrived unexpectedly at the mansion. Standing in the big doorway that faced the mountains at the bottom of the long drive lined with flowers teeming from terracotta pots. Young and innocent Mary with her blonde hair standing before him in her soft white summer dress staring at the magnificence of Igor’s chandeliers.

The young schoolteacher entering the mansion, settling her eyes, and losing herself in the beauty of the Monet hanging on the wall. The lady in the painting standing in the field on a summer’s day. The sky behind her so blue, brilliant white hanging clouds drifting through. A moment of wonder captured forever by a master unappreciated in his time.

“Sir ... sir, please?” she’d asked as she broke herself away from the painting.

“They have been asking if you’d play just one night, a full concert for the school. Will you do it?” she’d asked as Igor had looked down at her soft skin and wondered how the woman had found out where he lived.

“All the greats are asking. They want to come from afar to hear you play.”

The greats wanted to come to hear him play. This soldier, who had stood in battle with his long sword, which Cristi now carried. This warrior who’d fought for years and died in victory after killing so many. This hero, who was now a vampire’s slave. This being, who after death had carried on the battle on a different stage, killing so many more who had themselves become demons. The man with scars fighting his own silent war against evil until he had won and purged this iniquity from the people of the valley he’d once called home.

A valley filled of happiness, a valley hard of life, where its people once held in value morals and integrity. A valley which since time had been recorded, the Lupei family had called home, and into which Igor had been born.

“Yes,” Igor had said.

One night could not hurt, he’d thought as he’d stood there in the foyer wanting so to ask the young woman to stay and enjoy an afternoon with him. The man enjoying her smile, her perfumed hair. And she had stayed, and they had sat as Igor listened to the young woman’s life so far. Listened to her dreams and bathed in her innocence and happiness as he’d played for her. Yes, he’d play for her on the stage for one night, but it would be only for her, and anyone else who happened to be there could just listen.

************

And so, the time to perform had come. Bringing with it the butterflies that flew unendingly within Igor’s stomach. Igor the great, the warrior, the vampire hunter, the violinist, sat in the center of the stage that he’d paid for, after reaching into and removing a few dusty bars from a chest laden with gold that was now lying empty.

With the spotlight holding steady on him, he looked around the packed theatre. Finding Mary there front and center as she’d promised him she would be. Other teachers also along with their own children amongst others surrounding her. Men and women, some local, some from as far afield as Europe and Asia. All there having heard something brilliant, something that most could never differentiate between being simply just talent or pure mastery.

Igor smiled as he looked to the young Chinese boy who stared at his scars as young children unchanged throughout the centuries often had. He closed his eyes and felt his nerves calm, and the room grew silent as he gently lifted his violin and placed it under his chin.

He was here, he thought, as he wondered why it had taken him this long to allow an audience to hear him play. Taking a deep breath, he lifted his bow, and holding the strings, Igor hit the key of A and slowly pulled the bow across the strings of the Stradivarius. The same beautiful violin he’d bought in London not long after the great fire some 350 years before. Its sound warm and soft, now piercing through the skin of the lucky ones who’d travelled from far and wide to hear the instrument play a forgotten melody at the hands of a maestro who’d lived long ago and still lived now.

With his eyes closed, Igor played one piece and then another and then a third that the world was yet to hear. And as he opened his eyes again and sat looking out at the cameras as the audience cried, he remembered his time in Vienna. A time so long ago when he’d also cried as he sat privately listening to the pieces written solely for him as Vivaldi played.

The audience stood, and as they cheered, he felt the love and appreciation from the strangers that filled the room. A gratitude which can come only once you’ve reached someone’s soul.

Igor stood as he felt the love, smiling, and forgetting the Coont and his vampire queen whom he would soon kill as he bowed, violin in hand, before the lucky few that had heard what he now knew was his premier and his entrance into the world of the musical elite.

Then holding his ten-year-old boy’s hand, a teacher stepped forward, bowing in reverence as he brought his son onto the stage. The young Chinese boy taking a closer look, his eyes following the lines of Igor’s scars along with the lines carved into the ancient wood of the Stradivarius.

The boy standing there, looking up at the violin through the applause of the small select audience. The kid raising his hand high as he gestured his desire to hold the great instrument that was the closest thing that Igor had as a friend.

“Can he hold it?”

Igor heard the math teacher ask as he smiled to Igor then to his son. Igor looked to Mary and then to the math teacher and then to the boy. How long had it been since the instrument had been held by another person? he wondered, and then it dawned on him. It hadn’t. No one else had ever held the violin since he’d bought it centuries before.

Smiling and still feeling the love from the applause that was still going, he leaned down and placed the violin in the young boy’s hands. Positioning it correctly under the boy’s chin and placing the bow in his right hand, Igor stood back.

The boy stood silent for a moment, smiling as he stared out across the seats that rose up towards the ceiling. Hearing the applause, he looked to his father. Closing his eyes the boy relaxed and drew the bow across the strings.

Feeling the vibration reverberate through the violin, the boy began to play. The audience tapering off to silence as they heard the young kid then play from memory the same three musical pieces Igor had just spent the last three centuries perfecting.

Only the 10-year-old child who’d grown up in Beijing was better.

As the kid finished, the room went crazy. Aficionados from around the world jumped for joy. With their fists raised, men from Italy, France, and Austria rushed the stage, knocking Igor to the sidelines. Cheering, they lifted the boy high into the air. Screaming and calling out the words Igor himself deep down had so longed to hear. The boy was amazing, he was incredible, Wunderbar - Maravilloso -Merveilleux — Magnifico!

************

Igor walked away from the auditorium he had built for the school on the back of his subconscious dream that, one day, he’d go there and play himself. He reached the door, and as it closed, he wondered how the muffled cheering he heard could have been just for the young boy and not for him. It didn’t make sense. Yeah, the kid had played it well, but it hadn’t been anywhere as good as he’d played. But as he reached his car, the doubt had begun to set in.

Maybe I’m just not very good, Igor thought. The vampire’s slave now wondering if it was simply polite applause he’d heard after he’d finished playing. How could he have been so stupid to think he played any better than an amateur even if he had been practicing for six hundred years?

Igor reached his Tesla and got in. Staring at the brickwork of the auditorium that the gold he’d fought and killed demons for had bought. What a waste of effort, Goddamn it. All the practice, all the worry. All that time he’d wasted, for what? To be usurped by a kid.

Then just as he sat himself down into the driver’s seat of his gold Tesla, he remembered his violin. Goddamn it, he thought. He’d left it in the hands of that kid. Opening the door again, Igor climbed out. Then, he sat down again into the hard leather seat. What was he going to do? Go back in there and ask the kid for his violin as he stood there being applauded? Feel the embarrassment of these people who had crossed the world to hear him play as they stood there and gave out consolatory praise? No thanks. He’d get it later from Mary. He’d come back if need be.

************

He reached 21st Street, took a right, and headed straight up the hill towards the mansion. No doubt the Coont had been causing issues, and he’d have to now somehow avoid his wrath. But there was nothing new there. How often had it happened before? When the Coont had been free and wreaked havoc on the lands, Igor would disappear for a while after getting fed up with the vampire’s ways. Anyway, it was daylight still, so he’d have the rest of the day to relax. Maybe, he’d get that carpet sorted, and the rear door for that matter, and the blood on the sofa. What’s more, he’d burn those bodies that were in the cellar before they stunk the whole Goddamn mansion up.

************

Igor reached the top of the driveway, and seeing the smashed-out gates, he stopped the car. He stared at the buckled gates, each hanging by a single hinge. Then, he looked down the length of his driveway to the mansion in disbelief.

“Holy Mother of Jesus — What in God’s name has been going on?” he said out loud as he looked past the broken gates. The lines of cars that now filled both sides of the driveway had spilled out, leaving tire tracks on the lawn. Then he saw the shattered pots with the plants everywhere and the debris of two upended shopping carts laying close to the buckled garage door.

Igor moved forward, driving the gold Tesla as far as it would go along the drive. Then he steered the car onto the grass, hearing the broken terracotta pots crunch under the wheels as he did. He got out and walked across the grass towards his home. Reaching the front of the taxi, he looked down at Carol’s partial skeletal remains still laying in front of the vehicle, then to Hamza still sitting in the front seat. Walking to the driver’s door as he watched and listened to the Moroccan mumbling the Koran to himself as he rocked back and forth towards the windshield.

“What’s been going on?” Igor asked as he pulled on the door, opening it, the smell of piss and bacon now striking him as he did. He leaned down and looked in at Hamza. The bite marks on his neck now old. The man’s eyes now full of water and puffy, his face pale, his hair wet with sweat. The Koran open in his lap resting itself on a bed of greasy open bacon sandwiches half covering his piss-stained trousers.

He looked to the meter, which now read $6,302.10. Jesus, how long has he been sitting there? Igor wondered. Screaming in at him, he shouted,

“You need to eat!”

Standing, Igor then looked around at the mess, his gaze holding on the smashed garage doors, as he remembered how he’d spent a weekend putting them in himself, and just as long getting the clicker to work properly. He walked to the mansion’s front steps and climbing them, tried the front door only to find it locked.

Giving it a couple of shoves, he put his hand in his pocket, pulled out his keys, and patiently spun the keys as he felt the tumblers turn. Pushing it open, Igor stepped inside, feeling his feet crunch on the broken crystal and stood with his mouth open in shock at the mess all around him.

Almost as if he could not believe the chandeliers were the cause of the glass all over the floor, Igor looked at the ceiling to where they once hung. Then looking back down again, he saw the blood on the marble along with Ray Raye’s head. He looked to the walls, also splattered with blood and his grandfather clock in pieces. Then he turned his attention to Max as he nonchalantly leaned against the entrance to the living room, picking black paint from his fingers.

Leaving the front door wide open, he stepped forward to look beyond the drug dealer to the inside of his usually bright living room. There was a hole in the wall on one side and vampires clinging to the crevices dug out of the ceiling. Others stood around watching in the darkness as their red eyes picked up the light from the door.

He was about to speak when the Coont’s voice bellowed out from the cellar at the end of the hallway.

“Igor! Lupei! Cometh within. Kill them now!”

Igor turned and looked to the end of the corridor towards the direction of the Coont’s booming voice. With a ‘I’ll deal with you later’ look to Max, Igor turned away and hearing his feet crunch down on the crystal, began to walk towards the cellar.

Then Igor stopped and looked around. If those boys were here, they’d be in the light and not in the cellar. Unless they were on the cellar’s stairs. However, the door was closed and if that was the case, they would be in the dark and dead. He looked around, and at first, he could not see the Lupeis huddled low in the corner on the landing at the top of the stairs, but then he did.

Knowing they had been spotted, both the boys stood. Cristi brandishing Igor’s sword threateningly as he did. Igor twisted around, walked towards the stairs, and began to climb them. He saw the boys looking terrified as he approached. The man with scars delighted despite it all in finding his missing sword in Cristi’s hand. He looked to the useless dowel stake held by Sorin and then to their escape routes. Seeing the darkness, he then understood exactly why they had not run and were still standing open in the light. Leaving no room for debate, looking straight at Cristi, he said,

“Give me back my sword!”

Standing firm, Cristi felt the tiny spikes of the sword’s sharkskin handle dig into the palm of his hand as his grip tightened. Breathing hard, he looked to Sorin for support, then back to the man with the scars as he continued to approach up the stairs. Igor said it again,

“Give me the fucking sword.”

Fuck, the two Lupei boys both thought at the same time. They looked around for the possibility of an escape route they had somehow not seen as the man they had tormented, stabbed, and then tried to burn to death with oil only days before came closer.

“Give me the sword. I’ve got enough scars. I won’t hurt you.”

But the boys weren’t listening or giving up anything. They had one chance and that was for Cristi to cut this man down and make it to the door below that was now open. If the prick in the Nikes got in the way, he’d strike him down also.

Igor made it to the top of the stairs and stood facing Cristi and Sorin on the landing. He could see the silhouette of vampires in the passageway that led to the back of his mansion. He’d been gone just a few days and the place was already infested. Trying one last time and looking Cristi straight in the eye, he said,

“Give me back my sword. You have my word I will not hurt you.”

Then he waited as he watched the two boys with their backpacks laden with vampire-killing equipment. Suddenly pulling a crucifix from the inside of his jacket, Sorin held it to him in the hope that the Lord Jesus on the cross would somehow save them and repel the vampire slave.

Igor stood there and stared at the cross as the little Jesus hanging there looked back at him with his tiny beady plastic eyes.

“Sadly, those no longer work, my friend.”

Then with a sudden burst of desperate panic-induced energy, Cristi came at him swishing the sword fast across Igor’s face. The man with scars feeling the blade of his own sword whip past his nose once and then a second time as he dodged its deadly cut. He waited as Cristi swung again, then as he missed once more, timing a perfect move he had not used in hundreds of years, Igor reached out, stepped forward, and caught the boy’s sword hand with his own and twisting, slammed his back into Cristi’s body, knocking the wind out of him and relieving him of the sword.

Smacking the back of his head straight into the bridge of Cristi’s nose and with a swift hard kick to Sorin’s chest, both of the boys hit the floor and lay there along with their backpacks that were now hanging half off their bodies. Looking down at them and then to the sword’s blade, Igor asked in frustration,

“Why didn’t you just give it to me?”

Leaving the kids with their hands spread out in front of themselves, Igor was off. Back down the stairs, crunching the crystal glass to granite and buzzing the flies from Ray Raye’s head as he walked straight up to Max and stuck the sword hard, straight into the man’s chest.





CHAPTER TWENTY TWO

With the light slipping from the drug dealer’s eyes and ignoring the cries from the Coont demanding he kill the boys then come to him, Igor dragged Max’s body fully into the open, away from the darkness of the living room. Letting the man’s own weight remove himself from the sword, Igor let gravity take over as it pulled Max to the ground.

The Coont, it seemed, was not letting up and he could hear the venom in the vampire’s voice. Looking up at the boys as they watched terrified from above, Igor said,

“Leave while you can, or you shall die like your friend. You do not have the strength to kill the Master vampire.”

And with that, he left Max’s body on the ground and walked holding his sword towards the entranceway to the living room. Stopping, he looked up. Thrusting his sword towards the ceiling he brought down the boy who’d not so long ago been looking to get laid as he’d walked over to Carol’s place late in the evening, on the off chance one of her roommates was home.

Scratching out and snarling, the boy waved and kicked as the blood ran from his gut wound. Stepping into the darkness quickly, Igor reached down, grabbing the boy’s foot, twisted it, spinning the flailing vampire onto its stomach. With two precise tugs of the boy’s leg, Igor dragged the kid feet-first out into the lobby and with a elegance of a figure skater in a doubles training session at the Detroit arena, he gave a 180 degree twist of his own body, swinging the boy out in an arc. Letting go, the boy spun as his body skated across the glass-covered marble floor with all the drama and flair that would earn straight tens in an ice dance final.

The boy scrambled to his feet, panicked by the sudden feeling of burning light on his skin. The countless days he’d spent on the beach, loving life and basking in the sun in his mortal life, long forgotten. Snarling, he stared at Igor who was between him and guarding the safety of darkness with his sword. Panicking, he looked up the stairs to the darkness of the passageways on the upper landing, but two kids around his own age were there holding wooden stakes at the top of the stairs.

He needed to move quickly. He felt the searing pain as the exposure to the daylight began to burn through his tightening skin. If he tried to get to the darkness he could see up the stairs, he’d need to fight the two kids. Chances were high that, even if he did win, he’d be burnt to a crisp regardless. He needed to get back to the darkness fast, and like a rat trapped in the corner, he ran without regard for Igor or for the sword he wielded. His feet digging hard into the broken glass as he did. Darkness was what he needed.

Stepping to one side to let the vampire pass, Igor waited the millisecond he needed, and with his sword to the young vampire’s waist, he spun his body and cut through the kid’s body with a fluid two-handed swing, sending the young man crashing to the floor.

Igor stared at the vampire’s body, now cleaved in two as it lay at his feet. What a waste of a young life, he thought as he watched the young boy’s flesh slowly burn away in the daylight. He looked to the kids still standing at the top of the stairs with their mouths open as the vampire’s black blood turned to ash as it dripped from his sword. Calling up to them, Igor said,

“I’ve had a bit of an upsetting day, so like I said, you boys need to leave. I’m not in a good mood, and things are about to get messy.”

Then without another word, he turned and, holding his sword in both hands, began to walk into the darkness of the room.

But the Lupei boys weren’t going anywhere.

************

Igor stepped into the living room where he’d spent the last hundred and fifty years or so relaxing peacefully as he’d played his violin. The windows now blacked out with the paint he was going to use to redo the floor in the garage. From what he could see, whoever had done the work had not worried about covering the window frames, let alone the carpet.

He took a deep breath as he looked about. Apart from the carpet, there was now the smashed wall and crevices dug up into the high ceiling. Judging by the number of red eyes that were catching the light from the lobby, the crevices were loaded with vampires of all shapes and sizes. He’d have to get someone in to scrape the paint off the windows and order a new carpet. As for the wall and the ceiling, that was a complete rebuild and plaster. It was annoying, very annoying, in fact, and it was all he needed right now after the disappointment he’d felt this morning at the school.

From what Igor could see, around thirty people were milling about in the darkness of the room. That did not include those hiding in the upper corners or dug into his ceiling. Most waited around chatting, staying close to the mountain of cocaine on his glass-topped coffee table he’d had delivered from Italy back in the sixties. All lingering nonchalantly, it seemed, for their turn to kneel down and carve out a line or two.

The vampires in the crevices or clinging to the ceiling he knew would not see the next moon even if he had to smash his own windows in the process. The others who were still human still needed to be singled out. This strange social circle of young and old mingling and held together by their incessant need for Max’s South American marching powder. Everyone enjoying the party despite the evil surrounding them and the fact they’d just witnessed Igor killing two people in the lobby.

Then as the two girls arrived back from the kitchen, giving just a cursory glance to the man standing in the doorway, holding his mighty sword, Igor shouted out loud,

“If any of you want to live, walk out now into the daylight and leave. Anyone who stays in the dark, I’m going to kill.”

He looked around at the people looking back at him. Businessmen, hookers, trophy wives, street people, some guy who looked like Father Christmas, another guy who looked like he worked the mines.

He’d seen it all before centuries ago, and nothing it seemed had changed. The only difference now were the clothes. Humans who’d turned, some from good to bad, others who simply went from bad to worse. Their features no different than that of their forebearers centuries before. Each still had skin that was slowly being stretched out like old wet leather left in the sun.

With some though the process in turning came slower and for a day or so a few, as with the recently decapitated Ray Raye, could even tolerate daylight. However, for most, like the ones clinging to the ceiling and the boy whose severed body now lay skeletal and ashen in the lobby, it came lightning fast. One thing he knew for sure was that once they had changed, and they’d found their Masters lair, they never left. Even those who could still tolerate daylight for a period always stayed and fought.

Now though, no one seemed interested in what he’d had to say. Max’s cocaine having it seemed a stronger pull than even the threat of death. Some had looked to him and then further to the lobby. But like an English pub at closing time, they weren’t taking things seriously, despite the sword. In a voice that left no uncertainty as to the seriousness of his intentions, Igor said again,

“I’ll count to ten. Anyone still in the room after, gets cut in half.”

That did it. Those that were still human began to look for the light of day and began to slowly leave, seemingly unable to hit the door without stopping for one last swipe at the table.

Igor watched and waited as the cokeheads swarmed the table. Unable to take it a moment longer, he stepped forward, grabbed a man by the scruff of his shirt neck, and threw him to the side. With one swift kick, he caught the side of the table and turned it over, breaking it in two, sending a shower of cocaine dust into the air and all over the floor.

Goddamn it, Igor thought as he stepped back and saw the tabletop smashed in half on the floor. Why didn’t you just wait and keep your cool? he asked himself as he looked around at the people who’d stayed behind. It was obvious they had no intention of heading into the light. The vampires eying him up first with their sinister stares before looking to the sword he brandished.

He now had what he wished for. All the coked-out mortals were gone, stepping out of the dark vampire-infested room into the daylight. Some going straight back to the lives they’d been lucky to keep. Each carrying a tale about a crazy party they’d been to that no one would ever believe. Others waiting in the safety of daylight to watch what was about to unfold and perhaps score some more of the freebies the dead drug dealer had put on offer.

Slowly leaving only a gap where the daylight bled into the room, the vampires began to circle as Igor stood fast with his sword at the ready. The vampires looking strong as they snarled and spat, clawing at the air as they moved in for the kill. Then they came at him as Igor waited and letting his muscle memory and killing instinct take over, timed his swings to perfection.

It was Carmen he struck first, this poor woman who loved her kids and should never have been at the party. Poor Carmen who’d let an old school friend drag her down. This timeworn friend who’d appeared uninvited at her family home the evening before and sat with her drinking red wine into the late evening whilst Carmen’s husband and children slept. The two of them then doing the friend’s coke for old time’s sake and then more in Igor’s messed up living room after Max invited them both to a party.

Carmen and her friend from school sitting on the blood-stained sofa as the friend chose to talk only about herself and how her husband had ’killed her’ after he’d walked away from the life of misery she’d set upon him. The same friend dying once more as the Coont appeared before her and drained the blood from her body. Then once again, as Igor’s blade had passed through her midriff on its back swing after first severing in two poor Carmen who should have been home with her family.

Igor stood back and looked to the others who stared, waiting for their chance to attack without a thought for the two women who had just fallen. Then another vampire came screaming and spitting with his arms flailing in the nice suit his wife had been telling him needed a clean. The man who’d managed to keep his drug habit secret for so long coming from Igor’s blindside. Quickly Igor spun, twisting his sword, cutting through the suit, and slicing into the man’s chest.

With his own taste for the blood of the undead, Igor started swinging, cutting through the bodies, severing limbs, heads, and torsos. Showing off his might as the vampires fell at his feet one by one until all that was left were those that had taken to the ceiling to escape the carnage.

With the stench of the vampires’ blackened blood choking him, Igor stopped and took a deep breath from the air that drifted in from the foyer. From what he could see, there was just a handful left clinging now to the plasterwork and beams of the ceiling for safety. He felt his arm and looked to the gash he now sported across his right bicep.

Goddamn it, he thought, it was deep and would scar. He looked around and saw the man who’d caused the damage with his sharp claw-like fingers as he now clung to the ceiling with his long white hair, his beard, and piss-stained trousers. His eyes more alive than they’d been in a long time. His limbs once again strong. Lifting his sword, Igor took a step towards the man who no longer felt the pain and indignity he had for so long.

The vampire looking down upon him for a moment, then as soon as Igor raised his long sword again, the man who’d spent the last ten years of his life on the streets but still enjoyed Christmas was off, clawing his way across the ceiling with his hands and feet until he’d found the furthest corner of the room.

Turning his attention to the next crevice dug into his ceiling above his broken coffee table, Igor stabbed up and brought another vampire down. The man landing with a thud on the sheet of thick, upturned broken glass which dug deep into the vampire’s chest. Then Igor moved on, stabbing up and slicing through each of the vampires, cutting them down in one power-driven upward swoop of his sword as they fell. Until all that was left was Father Christmas hiding in the ceiling on the far corner of the room.

Moving with purpose, Igor reached the man and looked up, then just as the man who had lost his world so many years ago to drink began to drop himself down to the ground to fight, Igor stepping forward and thrusting his sword through the man’s chest before holding him at arm’s length. Marching him as he held the vampire up on the tip of his toes, marching towards the light. Waiting a moment, he looked into the watery eyes of Father Christmas as he looked back at him. Memories of Christmases long ago drifting through Igor’s mind. Christmases with women he’d loved but not forgotten, women now long gone from this world.

Kicking him off his sword, Igor sent the man spinning to the glass-laden floor of the foyer and as he did, he wondered what demons may await the unfortunate man as he watched him die amongst the rest as his skin began to peel.

************

Sorin and Cristi stood in disbelief amongst a small crowd of others who’d stayed to watch as the skin of the man with piss-stained trousers bubbled in the daylight and turned to dust. Looking straight at them both and breathing heavy, Igor said again,

“You need to leave.”

Taking it that the man with the scars and the sword who’d just cut his way through an entire mixed vampire football team was talking to them, the rest of the partiers looked to the floor and left. Seeing the boys still there, Igor asked them,

“You want to die, is that it?”

Then piping up, Sorin said, “We can’t go home until the Coont is dead.”

Being that they were Lupei, they’d know that was never going to happen. Calling their bluff, Igor pointed towards the cellar. The Coont bellowing from below, demanding his slave to kill them both in a language, although old, they could still understand. Handing his sword back to Cristi, he said to them both,

“He’s in the cellar. Go kill him then!”

“You kill him,” Cristi snapped back, refusing to take the sword.

Igor laughed. That was never going to happen. Not a chance, he thought. With a false smile which shone through his blood-soaked face, he said as he reached out, forcing the sword into the boy’s hand,

“You came all this way to let someone else take the glory?”

The boys looked at each other, then to the sword covered in black blood as they listened to the man with the scars. The voice of the Master vampire screaming out from below. What the fuck was this? It had to be a trap. But if the man with scars was going to kill them, then they’d already be dead. Just as they were about to speak, Igor turned and walked back into the living room. Picking up one foot each of two of the vampires he’d just cut to pieces with his sword, he dragged them both out into the lobby and straight out the front door.

Walking back in as he passed the boys, he said,

“When you’re done, throw the Coont on the pile. You’ll find there’s less of a mess if you leave them for the elements.”

Then they watched the man who’d they’d covered in oil and tried to burn to death only days before as he walked back into the blackness of the living room. Disappearing for a moment before the doors to the deck opened, flooding the room with light and silhouetting Igor as he walked back and dragged one by one the rest of the vampires onto the deck.

Doing his best to ignore the mess, Igor walked back to the foyer. The circulating breeze picking up the first of the vampires as they turned to ash, sending them swirling up in circular plumes out into the garden below.

Reaching the boys as they watched, he said,

“It’ll be good for the roses.” Before carrying on with,

“You freed him—go kill him, while I clean up the mess you’ve caused in the first place.”

He then pointed to the two corridors at the top of the landing and continued,

“If you’re vampire hunters, go up there and bag a couple first. I need to clean house before the sun sets.” Cristi and Sorin stared up at the uninviting darkness of the corridors as they both listened as Igor continued.

“Keep in mind the Coont will be ten times the strength and speed of any you meet up there.”

The boys looked at each other. They’d come halfway around the world to kill vampires. Now, they were in a house full of them, and it was daytime. But the problem was twofold. They could end up being held down, drained of blood and become vampires themselves, only to be cut to pieces and thrown on the dust pile by this road map headed warrior who now wore comfortable shoes.

“If you can’t, then leave,” Igor said as he pointed to the door and heard the Coont’s voice bellow out again in frustration from below.

As he held the sword which he’d thought was his in the air, feeling its weight and balance again, Cristi said,

“Fuck it, let’s do it.”

Looking wild-eyed to his cousin, he stepped over Max’s body, crunched his way across the glass, and headed up the stairs.

This was it, he thought, fuck it. He could use the sword the same as the man with scars had. He could just hack and slash his way through any vampire which came his way. How could he go back and play the big shot and dine out on his adventures if he knew all he’d done was burn down a bathroom and run terrified from a demon after seeing it?

Cristi reached the landing and stopped at the entrance to the darkened corridor. There was someone there standing in the gloom about halfway down, silhouetted by the light bleeding in at the other end of the corridor. He looked up into the darkness of the ceiling. There were no crevices with clinging demons waiting to pounce. Taking a deep breath and in a silent request for his cousin to come back him up, he looked behind him to below where Sorin was still standing.

Cautiously with Igor’s sword held before him, Cristi stepped into the corridor one foot at a time. Edging his way along, he felt the light from behind slowly disappear. With his heart thumping, he reached a third of the way along the corridor towards the lone figure as it stood still in the darkness. Then seeing the figure shift, he heard it say,

“Hey buddy, we gonna go steal this fucking gold or what?”

Fuck, shit, thought Cristi as he stopped in his tracks and felt his stomach turn a complete three-sixty. It had to be that explosives guy. What the fuck was he doing up here? Still unable to see the man’s face, the man said,

“Where you been, man? I’ve been waiting up here for you. Let’s go rob this fucking place.”

Fuck! Cristi thought again, happy now that Igor hadn’t come up here with him and heard what the prick was saying. Cristi said back in almost a whisper,

“We were supposed to meet up?”

“Fuck, man, I waited. Where were you? Why’d you leave me out? I found the fucking place on my own, then came in from round back. Parked up next to your rental out behind that wall back there. Put the sword down, dude, and let’s go blow the fuck out of this place like we said. Let’s grab some fucking gold, dude.”

Cristi waited, thinking about it. From what he could remember, they’d never told the man where they parked when they came here. So how would he have known they parked where they did? Unless he’d followed them. Which is what he must have done. Slowly, Bullshit Bill began to walk forward in the darkness. Still holding the sword up and towards the man, Cristi took a step back. Bullshit Bill saying as he moved with him,

“I thought that scarred-up vigilante was on the kill sheet? You should have stuck him soon as he gave you that sword, man.”

Bullshit Bill came towards Cristi as the young Lupei boy slowly walked backwards, until the light from the outside caught the man’s face. Cristi then stopped and stared at the man as he stood in the light. His skin weathered and wrinkly, his eyes all watery and red. Just as they had been when they’d met him in the carpark and tried to recruit him with their plans. Looking beyond Cristi for a moment to the top of the stairs, Bullshit Bill said as he looked back and made eye contact again,

“Put that sword down, man. What? You think I’m like one of those fucking vampires you’ve been going on about?”

Cristi saw the figure of a woman appear at the other end of the corridor behind Bill. It started to creep towards them both, slowly coming closer and closer until it stood in the darkness at the edge of the light. Then he watched as it moved to the side of the corridor, and on all fours, began to crawl along the wall, around the light, and up into the darkness on the ceiling, right in front of where he and Billy were standing. Bullshit Bill said,

“Fuck man, let’s go get this fucking gold, dude.”

Then out of nowhere, Sorin appeared from around the corner of the entrance. Rushing past Cristi, he stabbed Bullshit Bill with all his might straight in the chest with one of his homemade stakes.

Not believing what had just happened, Bullshit Bill fell back into the darkness as Sorin went with him, sending the sharpened cheap wooden dowel further into the man’s flesh with his weight as he crashed to the floor.

As soon as he was out of the light, the vampire above him dropped down, landing on Sorin’s back, and began slashing away with its strong nails and biting with its fangs. Letting go of the stake, Sorin spun around, shaking the vampire from his back and knocking it to the ground. Quickly pulling the stake from Bullshit’s chest, he raised it high, thrust it past the vampire’s flailing arms, and stuck it deep into its heart. Holding it there, Sorin leaned upon the stake, ignoring the vampire’s hands as it clawed out, leaving deep scratches along his face and head until the vampire went still.

Quickly Sorin stood and looked to Cristi, the kid just standing there, doing nothing, except holding Igor’s sword.

“What the fuck were you doing?” he asked as he watched Cristi nervously playing with his hair with his free hand. Still in shock, Cristi pointed to Bullshit Bill lying dead on the floor next to the vampire.

“I was talking to the dynamite guy - you’ve fucking killed him?”

Sorin looked to Bullshit Bill lying dead. He felt the cuts on his face and then looked at the blood on his fingers. Panicking, he asked,

“Did that fucking woman bite me?”

She had. Cristi could see the fang marks on the side of his cousin’s face where he’d been caught. Lying, he said, “I don’t think so.” Then carried on, repeating himself,

“You fucking killed the fucking explosives guy!”

Sorin shrugged, then said, “Well, he shouldn’t have been hiding in the dark. Anyway, how do you know he wasn’t one of them?”

“Look at his teeth,” Cristi quickly answered as they both looked down to Bullshit’s wide-open mouth and his brown, broken teeth within.

“Those fuckers are blunt.”

Leaning down, Sorin grabbed the vampire’s foot. Just as he’d seen Igor do it, he began to pull the vampire woman out, her dress riding up as she dragged along the hardwood floor into the daylight. Feeling the weight of the dead vampire, he stopped at the passageway entrance. With an appreciation for the man with the scars’ strength, he said to Cristi just watching and staring at the woman’s knickers,

“Give me a hand, will you?”

The young boy with his greased-up hair still holding the sword as though he was just about to fight. Cristi shrugged.

“Why? We don’t live here. House cleaning’s not our problem.”

Then Igor arrived at the top of the stairs. He looked at the dead vampire with the shitty stake in her heart, then to her dress now up around her waist. He looked to Sorin and laughed. Clearly surprised that the stake had held, he asked,

“What have you boys been doing?”

“Killing vampires,” Sorin answered as he nodded. He had done just that, and somehow, he was proud. He then said,

“There’s another in there also.”

Igor looked to Cristi, then to the sword, and smiled. Then without another word, he walked into the corridor and came straight back out again, dragging Bullshit Bill by his feet. Stopping next to Cristi, he said,

“Don’t just stand there, make yourself busy and go clean out that other corridor.”

Cristi turned and stared at the next corridor, which drifted off to darkness behind him. Then, looking back at Bullshit Bill lying on the floor with his mouth open, he suddenly said, regretting the words the moment they left his mouth,

“We know him - I don’t think he’s one of them.”

Igor stared at the corpse on the floor, looked to Sorin, and then straight back to Cristi. He asked,

“How’d you know him?”

“We’ve just seen him around, that’s all,”

Sorin answered quickly, wondering why Cristi had said anything in the first place. Feeling his own hands still shaking and putting it down to shock, he added,

“And because he’s still dead, even though the stake got pulled from his chest and he’s got no fangs.”

Igor laughed as he began to drag Bullshit’s body towards the stairs. Reaching the top, he stopped again and said,

“You boys have been watching too much TV. Look at his fingers.”

The boys looked down to Bullshit Billy’s outstretched arms that lay pointed away from his head on the hardwood floor as though he was doing yoga. Then to the man’s fingers that had now developed long, sharp nails at the end of each of his bony fingers, turning both hands into almost a claw. Carrying on, Igor kicked at Bullshit Billy, sending his body off the landing at the top and rolling down the stairs,

“But you’re half right because he’s the freshly turned type that can for the moment withstand a small amount of daylight, he’s not dead.... Yet.... But down there in the daylight, he’ll slowly cook.”

Igor looked to the other corridor and, nodding towards it, said to Sorin,

“You go in again, you could end up looking just like me. Better let warrior boy go first.”

Cristi looked again to the corridor and then back to Bullshit lying still at the bottom of the stairs. Then, he looked at Max, who was beginning to slightly stir as he lay amongst the mess of glass. Seeing this also, and before Cristi could say another word, Igor spoke up,

“If you don’t like what you’re seeing, remember, this mess is all your own fault. So stab that prick with the jeans again if he comes around.”

Cristi stared at Max lying on the messed up marble floor below, then looked back to the darkness of the corridor looking every bit as ominous as the one he’d just done nothing in other than chat with Bullshit Bill. Before he could make another move, Sorin took the sword from his hand and, still dripping with blood, walked straight in.

With Igor’s word’s still circling his mind, Sorin stood there in the darkness with only his courage, Igor’s sword, and the daylight that blanketed his back for protection. From what he could see as his eyes adjusted to the light, the corridor was empty. He looked at the ceiling and saw the sheen of light from the corridor’s far end wash down its length. There was nothing. It was empty, he thought. He took another step forward, and then another, until he’d left the light and was standing in the darkness. Then he carried on, feeling his chest tighten and the blood from his cuts run from his chin.

Letting go of the sword with his left hand, he wiped the blood away and felt its moisture as he clasped the sword’s handle again. Looking around, he signaled to Cristi, standing close by watching him from the safety of daylight, to get his ass in there with him.

Quickly Sorin looked back into the darkness of the corridor, took another step, felt the crunch of grit under his foot, and looked down at the white plaster barely visible on the floor. Then he saw the light hanging there in the center of the corridor. Fuck, I’m an idiot, he thought, why didn’t I just turn the light on when I came in? Glancing back, he looked around for Cristi to hit the switch at the entrance to the corridor.





CHAPTER TWENTY THREE

Max woke on the floor of the foyer lying among the glass, covered in the fresh ash-soaked blood left behind when Igor had arrived home and ruined his party.

What a fucking prick, he thought, stabbing him like that with that sword. The guy getting all precious and jealous, just because the Coont had decided he was no longer suitable as his righthand man, and had outed him from his position. I mean, fuck, man, get a life. Move on. Anyone would think he owned this fucking place.

He stood and looked to the landing at the top of the stairs. The big man had just moved into the corridor and disappeared. Staying still, Max leaned against the wall. He stared at an old, undated, sepia photograph of Igor as he stood on a small pier playing his violin to some children as they looked up in awe. The man with scars smiling as he performed, looking as though he had once fought a hundred battles and was now seemingly at peace with himself. Max could hear his Master bellowing the prick’s name, and in doing so, wondered himself when the Master vampire would eventually call his.

Give it time, in time, he thought. Early days.

What he needed to do was kill this Igor guy and be done with him so that his Master would have no other option. Then put out another text and get some fresh blood in for the Master to feed off. The vampire seemed to like feeding off girls, pretty ones mostly, so he hadn’t done badly so far, with the amount of fucked-up airheads he’d coaxed over. He looked about. The place was a bit of a mess. There was now some redneck lying dead at the bottom of the stairs and ash blowing in from the outside for some reason. But he wasn’t the fucking cleaner. What he’d do was hire a crew, get them in, keep them till dark. Then he could use them as food, and that would be tonight sorted in case the numbers were down. If he was lucky, once the cleaners had turned into vampires themselves, they could keep on cleaning. Now that was good management.

Baby steps, Max, baby steps, the drug dealer told himself as he heard the Coont’s voice again booming out from the cellar below in a language he could not yet understand. That scarred-up prick up there could, though, that was an issue. He’d have to learn the Coont’s language, but that was not going to be easy since he’d struggled with hello in French.

Fuck it, just kill him and even the playing field. Shoot the fucker. Be done with the toe-treading prick trying to muscle his way back in with his sword that hadn’t worked, Max told himself as he looked straight ahead to the wide-open front door. He had his gun in the car, but the car wasn’t there. Fuck, that bitch, stealing it and scratching up the fucking paintwork in the process. But no, I’m such an idiot, he thought. The gun was in his jacket. He remembered. In the kitchen.

Max made his way through to the lower corridor and out back into the kitchen. All the vampires that had been floating about the place were all gone, it seemed, or in the cellar. Unless that fucker with the scars had been down there as well and killed them all. He found his jacket and put it back on, then looked at the second puncture wound in his chest. It was wider with more blood, bigger than the little knife wound the Chinese lady had inflicted.

He took a deep breath, held it in, and let it out. Apart from a few bubbles coming out of his chest when he breathed, everything seemed to be working, no pain, just a bit of blood in his mouth like he’d seen in the movies. It was all good.

He walked back, passed the corridor, and took the passageway to bring him to the living room. He’d done a fantastic job of blacking out the windows with the paint he’d found in the garage so as he could keep the party going. Passing one window and then the next, he looked out to the landscaped garden, making a mental note to try to get those windows blacked out also before the end of the day.

Max reached the living room and walked straight in, feeling the fresh blood in the carpet sticking to his new Nikes as he looked to the open upper deck door and the ash-covered skeletal remains of his party guests.

Walking to the foyer entrance, he tucked himself into the side and looked up. The guy with the scars was still up there. Standing on the landing with one of them shithead vampire-hunting kids holding a stake and wearing a backpack. From what he’d seen in the living room, the redneck at the bottom of the stairs wasn’t the only victim. These guys had been on a bit of a killing spree whilst he’d been out cold.

Max thought back to all the movies he’d seen about these hunters that roamed the planet and wished he’d now paid more attention to them in the foyer. But he would deal with them soon enough. It would be part of the job. But if this Igor guy was supposed to be on his team, why were these kids not already dead?

Lifting his gun, he held it up, pointing it to the top of the stairs. The landing at the top now completely empty. Just as he was about to follow them and head up the stairs, Mary appeared at the door, carrying Igor’s precious violin in her hands. Quickly putting the gun away, Max caught the young schoolteachers attention, and held his index finger to his lips.

************

It had been tough the last couple of hours or so since Mary had watched Igor’s face change as he’d been swept to the side on the small stage, her heart sinking as she watched the big man quietly leave the room. Mary herself having a quiet tear-up in the women’s lavatory stall as she listened to the excitement on the other side of the door at the washrooms bassinettes. Seeing only the women’s feet mill about in shoes she’d never been able to wear.

She’d waited until everyone had left, then sat in the auditorium alone cradling the Stradivarius in her arms, surrounded by emptiness. Her thoughts only for the man with the scars whom she’d cajoled into a performance that she knew now the memories of could only cause hurt.

He’ll get it, she’d thought. In time he’d see that it wasn’t the kid’s fault and only the members of the press who’d been so insensitive. But what about her? Had she also not had her arms in the air for the child? Had she not been one of the many who’d rushed to the stage?

She had. But she was the only one there who had then watched the man with the scars leave without saying goodbye. With her heart in her hand, Mary had locked up, placed Igor’s violin carefully on the front seat of her Prius, and crossed below the highway and continued up the hill until she’d found the mansion where she’d once sat and listened to the sultry sounds of a man covered in battle scars playing the violin he loved.

She’d apologize, that’s all. If not for her own sake. It was the least she could do and the most she could do also.

Finding the now wrecked front gate smashed open when she arrived, Mary had looked at the devastation of the front garden she had so admired before. The cars unevenly spread out, seemingly abandoned in the driveway. The plants, terracotta shards, and tire marks spread across the lawn. The taxi sitting closest to the front door.

Pulling up behind a red AMG Mercedes whose owner was now turning to ash out on the back deck, Mary got out of the car and, carrying the Stradivarius and its bow in one hand, walked down to the front door. Passing Carol’s skeletal remains and looking to Hamza in his kufi cap, bobbing his head back and forth, she’d walked up the stairs passing the kids ashes as she went. Stopping at the door, she’d looked inside at the mess that lay before her. Then she’d seen Max with his hands to his lips.

Max dropped his hand, and walked quietly across the glass and stopped at the front door.

“Oh wow, you’re a musician. Are you here for the party?” he asked as he looked to the violin and, knowing the Coont’s penchant for young women, wondered if the lady before him couldn’t be exactly what the Coont wanted.

“No, I’m here to see Igor. I need to give him his violin back. He left it at the school.”

Mary looked to Max and then around him at the mess and the blood and ash, Ray Raye’s head on the floor, and Bullshit Bill’s body at the foot of the stairs. Following her stare, Max said,

“Don’t worry, they’re rubber! We’re like having a spooky party tonight, so you know, it all looks quite real.”

“Oh?” Mary replied as she looked to where she remembered the beautiful chandeliers used to hang. Then she said, “What did you do with the chandeliers?”

“Oh, we’re getting them cleaned, so we spread some fake glass about to make it look like someone had been swinging on them.”

“Is Igor here, please?”

Mary asked, not wanting to carry on the conversation. She looked back at Max again and then down to the bloody wound on his chest bubbling blood as he breathed. The woman knowing that it would not be humanly possible to be alive with such an injury.

“Yeah, good trick, hey? Come in,” Max answered, smiling as he watched Mary looking at his wound. The drug dealer wondering how he could get the young lady down to the cellar on her own accord without having her screaming and causing him trouble, the way she obviously would.

“Yes, he’s this way,” Max carried on as he gestured to the schoolteacher and heard his own feet crunch the crystal into the marble as he stepped back. Worrying about offending the man, Mary asked,

“I can come back later, if you’d like?”

“No, no, come in, come in. Don’t let Igor get mad at me by leaving without him getting to see you.”

Mary stepped forward into the foyer and stared at the crystal glass and blood. Unless she was wrong, it was the head on the floor covered in flies that she could smell. But that would be ridiculous. It had to be another trick. As she cupped Igor’s violin and bow to her chest and looked to her favorite painting on the wall, she said,

“I can wait here if you’d like.”

“Igor’s just here,” Max replied as he smiled and nodded his head towards the end of the foyer, where the door to the cellar stood open.

“It’s okay. I’ll wait,”

Mary said politely as she looked back towards the Monet. The painting’s beauty capturing her mind once again in the same manner as it had the previous times she’d become lost within it.

“No problem,” Max said with a smile as he began to walk away towards the open door that led down to the cellar. Calling back as he reached the door, he turned and said,

“I’ll let him know you’re here.”

Mary watched as the young man disappeared for a moment, and reappeared again moments later. Popping his head around the door, he called out with a smile.

“Igor says for you to come on down.”

Pulling herself away from the painting, Mary began to make her way along the foyer towards the door. Reaching it, she stared down into the darkness that lay behind Max as he gestured for her to follow him further. Then, from within the darkness, the smell of the bodies below hit her.

This wasn’t right, Mary thought, as she held her free hand to her face and felt for a moment that she would puke right there and then. Then something primal inside kicked in as she felt the evil below. Without a word, she turned and began to walk with the violin still clutched to her chest as fast as she could towards the safety of the front door.

By the time she’d gotten only halfway, Max was on her. Grabbing her by the hair from behind, he yanked her backward, pulling her off her feet and onto her back, sending the violin and bow skidding across the marble floor.

Then without a thought for her screams, he dragged her as Mary kicked and clasped at anything she could find as she felt herself being pulled quickly back towards the cellar doorway. Reaching the top of the stairs of the entrance to the cellar, Max stopped. Spinning Mary around, he then pushed her, knocking a shoe from her foot as he forced her down the stairs into the darkness.

Mary hit the bottom of the stairs and felt the disturbed flies from the bodies around her face as the adrenaline rushed through her body. Terrified, she scrambled to her feet, looking up into the light from the open door. Max was still standing at the top of the stairs. With tears running down her face, she began to scream, then screamed louder as she turned to see the rotten bodies on the floor beside her.

“Please let me go, please let me go,”

Mary begged as she cried, looking up to Max, who now pointed a gun at her. Then she heard the Coont’s voice call out to her from deep within the blackness of the passageway that lay before her,

“Maiden - cometh to thy Master.”

Mary turned towards the voice which had spoken to her in a language she could not understand. Her legs now shaking uncontrollably as she stood in one shoe. The Coont slowly becoming visible as he stepped forward out of the darkness. His white face reflecting in the soft light raining down from above. Venturing closer, the Coont moved toward her, as he raised his hand and stared out at this delicate prize the fool with the black chariot had delivered. The Coont calling to her as he smelled her innocence, “Cometh hither, thy virgin maiden.”

Horrified, Mary looked behind her again to the bodies on the floor then beyond into the darkness, as red eyes reflected back at her from within the second passageway that ran its way under the mansion. Then she saw the eyes of the other vampires also, as they clung to the ceiling looking back at her in anticipation as they waited for the schoolteacher to step out of the light and into their world of darkness.

“Go to the Master,” Max called to Mary from the top of the stairs.

“He’ll make you his queen.”

“Please, please,” Mary cried, feeling the urine run down her leg as she stood there trapped in the daylight. The vampires lingering around her in the darkness. The young man in his ripped jeans with the gun to her, at the top of the stairs as she looked up.

“Please,” she pleaded again to Max as she held her hands to him in prayer.

But there was no giving, no quarter in his evil smile. She looked back towards the passageway where the Coont stood, the vampire still there waiting also. Trembling uncontrollably, Mary felt her head begin to spin. The world around her slowly turning to darkness as she lost consciousness and her legs buckled beneath her.

As her heart pounded the blood around her petrified body, bulging the veins that ran across her temples, Mary fell softly to the floor. Her head striking the damp putrid wash that leaked from the dead and made rivers across the stone.

Moving forward to the edge of the darkness, the Coont stopped and looked down upon the woman with her head laying inches from the gloom that bordered the passageway to his lair. Kneeling down and feeling the top of his wellington boots on his ass, he stared into the daylight that rained down from the top of the stairs. The woman’s hair lying so close to him at the edge of the light. Reaching out with his finger on his right hand and poking his long claw-like nail into the daytime, he dug into the slime and scraped some strands of Mary’s dirty blonde hair from the floor, strand by strand until he held in his bony fist a hand full. Then clasping them tight, he pulled, tugging at her hair as the follicles strained and lifted from her scalp, moving her head closer and closer into the darkness.





CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR

Igor had almost reached his bedroom. The boys now covered in the black blood of vampires newly turned in the wake of their cousin’s failed quest to destroy the Coont only days before.

The two boys now smarting after the man, who’d kept the Coont locked away for so many years, had told them it was their actions that were to blame for each loss of life. The man with scars saying it once more to the boys immediately after he’d dispatched another demon from this world. It was a stretch, and they’d known it as the words from the man who’d lived for 600 years bit at them as they’d made their way through the darkened corridors. Being hissed at and bitten by sharp fangs of the demons they’d killed one vampire after another. Vampires, who only a day or so before had been living and breathing humans just as the two Lupei boys were. Humans who’d been suckered in by an asshole drug dealer offering his poison for free.

And as they’d stood covered in a mix of vampire blood and their own outside the last closed door, which led to Igor’s room, Sorin, unable to keep his opinions to himself, had simply said to Igor what both boys knew for certain was the truth.

“From the way I see it, there’s only one person to blame for this fucking mess, and that’s you.”

“Really?” Igor had asked as he walked towards his room and slowly stopped.

“Yeah, if you’d done your duty when you had the chance centuries before, my cousin would still be alive along with everyone else we’ve cut down here today.”

“Go tell that to your ancestors who died with silver spoons in their mouths.” was all Igor had replied.

It was the way it was and why one half of the family no longer cared for the other. Sorin easily seeing now what side of that fence Cristi stood. Track the man with the scars down and put an end to the curse, his side had said. Or were the other half of the family who lived well saying simply, track down the man with the scars, and refill the pot with the gold the man offered in exchange for his continued immortality?

Sorin then said it, as plain and simple as he could.

“My family’s greed doesn’t excuse cowardice. You should have killed the vampire the first chance you got. What gives you the right to live a life playing your fucking violin ten lifetimes longer than our cousin you’ve left rotting in the basement?”

And with those words from a boy who’d had enough and seen through the dishonesty that was Igor’s world, they’d heard the scream of the woman who’d come to check on Igor’s feelings.

************

They made it quickly back to the staircase, stood at the top of the stairs, and listened to the stillness of the mansion. Max’s body now conspicuous in its absence. Bullshit Bill’s skin, pulling away from his bones. The dynamite man turned vampire, now 100% dead, laying still at the bottom of the stairs.

They walked down, feeling the crystal crunching into the wooden steps as it exploded and ingrained itself into the varnished teak. They reached the bottom. Stepping over Bullshit Bill’s body, they then looked along the length of the marbled foyer towards the door that led to the cellar.

Wearing a shit-eating grin, Max appeared from the cellar door and began to walk back down along the foyer. He was pleased with himself. Delivering such a prize to the Coont. Now he needed to get the mansion back in order. Tidy up a bit, so as people didn’t run as soon as they came through the doors to the next party. Seeing the violin on the floor, he picked it up and stared at it. So this was Igor’s prize violin, the same one he was playing in that stupid picture, Max thought. He looked at the fine horsehair pulled tight along its length. Putting the violin to his chin, he felt the well-worn wood against his skin. He placed the bow to the strings and dragged it back and forth a couple of times, causing the beautiful wooden instrument masterfully built with care, so many hundreds of years ago to scream like a cat. Then he saw Igor and the two boys standing at the bottom of the staircase.

Igor stared back down towards the man who wanted his job and had been stabbed hard in his chest for his troubles as he held the violin that had been his sole companion for centuries. It didn’t make sense. What was his violin doing here? he thought. And before he could say a word or move towards him, he heard Max shout out at him as he held the violin by the neck,

“This yours, is it?”

And even before his venomous words had left his mouth, he swung the only true thing Igor had ever loved in this world and hit it hard against the wall. Smashing the carefully crafted Stradivarius into pieces.

Igor stared at the violin with his eyes wide as Max held its neck with its body shattered and hanging down below by its strings. Then, he threw it hard down toward the bottom of the staircase. The violin hitting the marble, scattering shards of crystal and blown ash as it skidded across the floor and landed at Igor’s feet.

Moving quickly, Igor grabbed the sword from Sorin’s hand, and in his soft leather shoes, sped across the mess that had once been two of the finest chandeliers in France. Moving from his right and then to his left as Max pulled his gun and let off two shots, missing both times in succession. Seconds later, Igor was on him, feigning a strike from the side as he twisted his body away to the opposite direction, and brought his sword up the centre of the man’s body, cutting deep through his ripped jeans and into his groin. Splitting his testicles in two and wedging the swords blade deep into Max’s pelvic bone.

Ripping the blade like a saw and leaving it still in Max’s flesh, he pulled the blade upwards, cutting through his clothes and body until it stuck firm in his rib cage. With two more hard thrusting cuts, he lifted the blade until it burst out from the side of Max’s neck. Splitting the man and sending him to the floor, blood and guts and all in two pieces.

Igor stepped back and stared at the man, who, moments before, had done the same thing to his violin. Max, still alive, stared back. Then with the briefest looks to the bow of his violin lying by the wall, Igor stepped forward and lifting Max up by his hair, brought his sword down hard across the man’s neck, severing his head.

Igor stood there for a moment, still holding Max’s head in his hand as the blood streamed from his brain, pooling and rejoining the rest of the blood on the marbled floor. Then like a champion bowler going for a ten-pin strike at the alleys on a Saturday night, Igor sent Max’s head down the foyer towards the stairs in exactly the same line his violin had taken, skidding and bumping through the shards of crystal and ash, until it settled next to the now limp stringed smashed Stradivarius.

************

Cristi and Sorin stood with their mouths open at the spectacle they had just witnessed. Slowly trying to keep off the blood and still looking at Max’s head with its gaping mouth, they made their way towards Igor. Reaching him and still speechless, they both stared at the headless torso split in two with its organs spilling out along with a heart that was still beating.

“Fuck me!” Cristi said as he watched the man’s heart continue to pump blood out onto the marble floor.

“Is he still alive?” he asked Igor. But Igor wasn’t answering as all he was interested in was Mary’s shoe.

They entered the stairway and began to creep down. The boys holding their noses with one hand and their home-made dowel stakes with their other. Offended by the rotting flesh of their cousin and his headless Motörhead-loving companion. They reached the bottom and stood in the daylight as the flies found them and the red eyes looked back at the boys menacingly in the darkness from above. Suddenly thrusting up and out with his sword, Igor plucked a body from the ceiling, leaned into the darkness quickly, and dragged the policeman who’d stopped him only days before by the bridge into the daylight. Recognizing him instantly, Igor put his foot onto the policeman’s neck, holding him down against the floor so as he could not breathe, just as some of his colleagues have been known to do. The boys standing to the side as the policeman spit and struggled in the light. Then Igor said quietly, “Kill it!”

Hesitating, Sorin looked at the policeman with his red eyes and snarling teeth. The vampire still in full uniform with his gun, mace, and cuffs on his belt.

Sorin looked to Cristi and then to Igor. His eyes full of fear and now doubt.

“But he’s a cop?’

“Not anymore. Do it,” Igor replied as he struggled with his foot and pressed his sword hard into the policeman’s gut to hold him down.

Raising his dowel stake, Sorin then plunged it into the demon’s heart, observing the monster as its eyes stared back. Watching it die, Cristi simply said, “Holy fuck,” with firm disbelief as he looked to the policeman’s now claw-like fingers. Then he looked up into the darkness at the rest of the demons, barely visible, bar their red eyes. All of them looking back at him now from deep within the cellar and between him and the passageway that led to the gold.

Pulling his sword from the policeman’s stomach, Igor said,

“I have to go this way,” as he nodded towards the Coont’s lair.

“I suggest you stay here in the light, and then when I’m back, we can clear out the rest of these.” Then he was gone, sword in hand, disappearing into the passageway.

************

Igor reached the end and looked at the small candle lighting the Coont’s ironwood coffin that sat on the floor in the middle of the chamber. Then turning to the side, he saw him as the Master vampire squatted down in the corner and bit down upon Mary’s neck. Igor watched as the vampire feasted upon Mary’s blood. Her body lying limp upon the floor, her arms to the side. Looking up, the Coont said as the schoolteacher’s fresh blood dripped from his fangs,

“Slave, Lupeis be here. Killeth them now, for mine nose be offendeth!”

“Is she dead?” Igor asked as he looked to the schoolteacher’s body lying still.

“Asleep be thy virgin maiden of pure blood. A dish so rare to one knoweth. A meal I doth savor much, slave.”

Igor waited, staring at his Master. Then the Coont said.

“A sword you bringeth to thee, slave? Thy cometh for thine Master’s blood?” Igor looked to his sword covered in blood, resting the heavy long blade between his feet.

“No master,” Igor replied. “Thy castle has become full quickly master.”

Then looking to the concern in Igor’s eyes and quick to pick up on the situation, the Coont said, “Thy mortal maiden lies before. She beholdeth marriage with thee?”

“She is a friend, Master. Yes,” Igor replied as his head bowed.

“A friend is not of what you have, slave. Except thy viola loveth thee so greatly.”

Igor repeated it, his voice this time asking simply for the Coont to spare the woman before him,

“She is a friend, Master.”

“Savour shall I for many moons thine friend whose blood runs sweet and of purity shall I enjoyeth, slave. After thou can befriend, behold, and serve again this woman for when your new queen cometh.”

So that was it, Igor thought, the Coont would drain the life from this woman slowly night by night, like a delicacy taken between gorging on cocaine-tainted blood sucked from any female addicts that he could find. And once her fragile body could take no more and she succumbed to death, he’d spit saliva and vomit blood into her mouth to give her the honor of becoming his queen.

What had he done? Igor thought as he stood there before this demon made almost tenfold worse than he’d known before due to the drug-addicted victims the Coont now fed off. Then the Coont said it,

“Leave, slave, whilst I still allow thee life. Gather the mortal maidens with the blood that excites I so. For this evening, I shall dine again.”

It was true, the Coont would continue to feast as he was born to do, but now with further gusto due to his new craving for drugs. As would Mary, once he’d drained her of life. And then she would be no different, feeding off blood and destroying lives which had been similar to her own. Until he or a brave soul, such as the boys who waited in the daylight next to the body of their friend came along to end such horror.

She did not deserve this fate. No one did.

End it now, Igor ... Kill the girl whilst she is still human ... take her head and save her from an eternity of torture. Do it ... Do it ... Do it, Igor told himself.

Then deciding to do what was right, Igor stepped forward in the darkness. He raised his sword above the chest of the schoolteacher, who’d done nothing to him in his life except offer the kindness that radiated within her. Then, as he brought the sword down hard, the words of the young Lupei boy rang true in his mind. Changing the direction of his hand and mind, he twisted the blade, thrusting it straight through the Coont’s chest and held it there.

For the moment, the Coont just stared up at him, unbelieving in what this slave whom he’d gifted eternal life had just done. Then as the anger flooded through the vampire’s body, he threw the schoolteacher’s limp body away from him and lashed out. Ravaging Igor’s arms with his claw like fingers.

Feeling the vampires legs and welly boots hitting his back, Igor held on as he twisted his blade around and around inside the Coont’s chest. Stamping his foot hard into the Coont’s neck, pinning him down. Calling out above the vampire’s roars, he shouted,

“Boys get down here!”

The two Lupei boys stood in the daylight and listened to the animal-like screams coming from down the passageway.

“I have the Coont - bring the stakes, quick!”

Igor’s voice cried out in amongst the snarling and screaming.

“It’s a trap,” Cristi said as he stood there with his heart beating like a drum.

“Why would he kill him? He’ll kill himself doing so!”

But there was something in the ferocity of the fight that Sorin had only heard in animals who were about to die. Hearing it before as a child, late at night in amongst the riotous excitement of drunken men. Drunken family members who coerced dogs, bred or stolen, for the sole purpose of fighting. Viscous and snarling animals who ripped at each other’s skin in the back alleys or gardens of their homes. The snarls turning from ferocious to desperation and then the helplessness, which only came when an animal knew it was close to death and was about to die.

“No!” he said quickly, “It’s real, he’s killing him, he’s fucking killing him!”

And without a second thought, Sorin ran towards the melee, disappearing into the darkness of the passageway, hearing the screams get louder as he reached the end of the passageway and entered the chamber.

In the corner, away from the ironwood coffin, Mary lay unconscious. The Coont was next to her on his back, pinned to the ground by Igor’s sword. The demon weakened, kicking and screaming as Igor held his sword to the vampire’s chest, his foot to his neck and face, pushing it sideways hard into the stone floor. The vampire snarling and spitting as he bit out with his sharp, perilous fangs.

Sensing Sorin’s arrival, Igor shouted,

“Stake his heart now.... Now!	Now!”

As the Coont bucked and fought against his slave. With both hands, Sorin raised his stake as he dodged the Coont’s claws as they flailed and lashed out at him. Then with all the power he could muster, Sorin brought the stake down. Slamming the wooden dowel deep into the vampire’s chest, the sharpened wood piercing the Coont’s silk shirt and then his flesh as it dug hard into the vampire’s heart.

Sorin held on, pressing down on the stake’s end with all his might as the Coont screamed out in pain and desperation. Then with a sweep of his arm, the Coont swung at the stake and broke it cleanly in two, just as Igor had predicted.

Desperately grasping at the stake, the Coont clawed at his flesh as he tried to pull it out.

“Another!” Igor shouted as he held the Coont down with his sword and foot. Stepping back, Sorin reached to his backpack and fumbled for a second stake. The Coont clawed at the last of the broken stake, which still pierced his heart. With an almighty roar, he dug in deep, ripped it from his chest, and threw it to the ground. Then his body began to rise, taking Igor up with him as he held the sword firmly to the stone floor.

Violently twisting his head and body, the Coont shook as he tried to release himself from the sword that impaled him. Slicing his flesh and bone, the Coont rose up, levitating from the cold floor until all that was left was the handle of the sword across his chest, keeping him there. Just as he’d pulled a stake and lined himself up again for a second strike, the Coont reached out and grabbed Sorin’s right arm. Holding it as tight as a vice, he twisted, almost breaking the boy’s bone clean with a single turn.

Still on top of the Coont, Igor watched as Sorin screamed out in pain. Quickly he let go of the sword with one hand and, snatching the new stake, he drove it firmly into the Coont’s heart. The Coont screamed again, deep guttural frantic ear-piercing roars which echoed through the mansion’s underground passageways and chambers. Deathly shrieks which ripped through even Igor’s bones, the likes of which he had never heard before.

Then as he felt the Coont begin to weaken as death slowly came and the vampire began to slide back down the sword towards the cold stone floor. His bones and flesh grinding on the blade as it dropped. Igor looked to the coffin as it lay open in the centre of the chamber. There was a chance, he thought. He could slide the vampire back into his coffin, pull out the stake and lock him in.

Save his own life.

The Coont hit the stone floor and as the red of his eyes began to fade, Igor took his foot from the vampire’s face and with a free hand began to drag the Coont’s heavy body towards the coffin.

“Get him in it,” Igor shouted as the desperation of what he’d just done set in.

Still holding the stake with his good arm, Sorin looked to Igor confused as to what he was doing. Then as reality hit home, Sorin screamed out,

“No! Take him to the light.”

But panic had set in, and Igor, now on his own mission to save himself, was no longer listening. He reached the coffin, and using his strength, he held his mighty sword in both hands and levered the Coont’s dying body into the coffin.

“Get the lid, quick!” Igor shouted to Sorin as he felt within a sudden weakness slowly develop.

“Why?”

Sorin called back at him as he saw the fear rise in the face of the man who’d been alive for six hundred years.

“I’ll die!” Igor said almost to himself as he felt the Coont’s body hit the gold coins layering the silken coffin’s bottom with a thud. The feeling of panic flooding through him as the memory of his death once before came flooding back.

Sorin stared at him as he leaned on the wooden spike still embedded in the Coont’s heart. Both still holding the Coont down as Igor with his sword looked to the lid, knowing that if he let go, the vampire could gather the strength to push the kid away and rise again.

“No,” said Sorin. His eyes looking to the slave in a plea to accept the fate he had brought upon himself.

Then he said as he heard the Coont’s breath turn from the thunder it had vented moments before to the death rattle that so many mortals speak before they themselves pass on to the next world,

“Accept it, my friend. How long do you need to live? What gives you the right to eternal life when this demon has cut short so many?”

And before Igor could answer, the wooden dowel staked through the demon’s heart had done its job and the Coont went limp and was gone.

They held on for a while. Both men, one young and the other very very old, looking to the Coont without speaking. Watching the vampire as it’s face became paler and paler, and his white leathered skin began to peel from his bones, until all that was left covering the gold and silk that layered the base of the ironwood coffin was skeletal bones and nothing more than ash.





CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE

How long he had left in this world, Igor did not know. One thing, though, he knew for sure was that he was losing strength. Lifting himself off his sword, he withdrew it from the ash and bone which had once been the vampire that had controlled his life as much as in the Coont’s captive state, Igor had controlled his.

“What about the stake?”

Sorin asked as he wondered at the same time where his cousin had gotten to.

“Once they turn to ash, there’s no coming back,” Igor said, speaking from personal experience. Then he waited, continuing to stare at the ash of the vampire with whom, in one form or another, he shared centuries.

“Same with me now, I suppose.” He looked to Mary, still sprawled on the floor.

“What about her?” Sorin asked.

“She’ll grow old and have a full life, I hope.”

“I mean now?”

Igor stood up straight and felt lightheaded as he did, the room spinning for a moment before settling.

“We need to get her into the light. The Coont was the most dangerous, but he’s not the only vampire lurking in the dark.

Passing his heavy sword to Sorin, Igor walked over to Mary, knelt down, and picked up the schoolteacher. Without looking back, he carried the woman who’d done her best to make his secret wish come true out of the chamber.

He reached the steps and stopped to look at Cristi as he stood there staring still in the safety of the daylight. Passing him, he said,

“Thanks for your help ... Why don’t you do what you came here for, go join your cousin and kill the rest of them before the sun sets?”

Igor then turned and walked up the stairs, away from the stench of the cellar where the ashes of his master now lay, and his surviving vampire disciples waited for dark. Stopping to scoop up Mary’s shoe, he carried her limp body along the long foyer, passing Max’s severed torso. The man’s eyes looking up to him, watching, as he walked past the man’s head, laying alongside Igor’s broken violin.

With Mary’s arm hanging down from her side, Igor stopped for a moment, looking to the Monet he knew the unconscious woman in his arms loved so much. The lady in the painting standing in a field with the sun in her hair, looking every bit as beautiful now as she had the day

Igor had sat watching the great man paint the masterpiece.

Pulling it from the wall along with another by the stairs and holding both by their wires, Igor carried on, holding the schoolteacher as he walked outside into the cool mountain air. Dropping down the small steps to the driveway, he passed the taxi with its driver now sitting peacefully at the wheel, seemingly in shock with his mouth open. Reaching her car, Igor opened the door and placed Mary down in the driver’s seat. Kneeling he put the one shoe she’d lost back on her left foot and the original Monet and the other painting carefully on the front passenger seat.

Stepping back, he looked at her, watching her breathe. It was hard to believe he’d given up everything for her, and he didn’t even know the woman’s last name. He had, though, given her back the life she so deserved. The cuts on her legs, arms, and neck would heal, the hair she was missing would also grow back.

Reaching out, he gently shook the woman’s shoulders, calling her name until Mary came around. The schoolteacher for the moment not knowing where she was, as the sun shone through the front of the window screen, lighting the blood in her soft, blonde hair. Then suddenly, it all came flooding back.

Gently, Igor clasped Mary’s shoulder as he shook, and breathed hard, calling out to nowhere in a half scream.

“It’s okay Mary. You’re safe,”

Igor said softly as the woman looked to the man with scars kneeling before her covered in blood.

“You’re safe, Mary.”

Still panicking, Mary turned quickly, looking towards the mansion. It’s large presence ominous now through the window.

“It’s okay, you’re safe Mary,” Igor explained again. Then he said,

“You need to go home and rest. Thank you for being my friend. You are completely safe now.”

Still in shock and unable to speak, Mary looked at the man with scars. His eyes calm and soothing. He pointed to the two paintings on the passenger seat next to her.

“The Monet’s yours. It’s a beautiful painting. I loved this lady once upon a time. The other one’s a Cézanne, maybe you could sell it if you want. It’s probably worth as much as this place,”

Igor said as he looked away from her to the huge mansion he had built so long ago.

“It’s my apology to you for not having the courage to do something I should have done a long, long time ago. Something that, if I had, would have saved you and many others a lot of pain.”

Then he stood as Mary found her keys and started the car as she shut the door and without a word she was gone.

You’ve done the right thing, Igor thought as he turned and looked directly to the sun and closed his eyes. Its rays raining down upon his centuries-old scarred-up skin. So this was it, he thought, my last day on earth. If he was lucky, he’d catch the sunset.

Opening his eyes, he glimpsed the truck hidden within the trees. He crossed the front lawn garden, stopping only to straighten a crushed rose bush. The truck had to be ten years old and beat up. The typical transport of a construction worker or a guy who worked the rigs. The kind of roughneck who liked to drive into sleepy West Vancouver wearing his dirty baseball cap and big fuck-off boots with his brash attitude to terrify the locals.

But why park it here, like he’d tried to hide it? He could have parked on the drive or the lawn as everyone else looking to score free cocaine had? Igor thought as he leaned into the window to look inside.

Seeing the first haul of gold bars lying on the passenger seat, he tried the door to find it locked. He looked through the window, examining markings on the bars, kind of recognizing the markings on the front of the gold. He had little doubt that they’d been taken from within the mansion. When did I steal this haul? he wondered as he stared at the dull gold, seemingly carved in ancient Euskera and Arabic. Their edges smooth and rounded with age. Maybe it had to have been from the Coont’s own collection, he thought. But nonetheless, what was it doing out here sitting on the passenger seat of this shitty truck?

From what he could tell, chances were very high the guy the boys had killed at the top of the stairs was the truck’s owner. But how had he known about the gold? He had to have been in league with the boys. Somehow, he had to have been caught and drained of blood by one of the ever-growing plague of monsters who lurked within.

He walked to the back of the truck and looked at the vehicle’s suspension sitting low. Leaning in, he cupped his hands to the window. Through the grime, he looked inside. The rest of his gold was there. Neatly stacked by a man who must have been precise and methodical in his work.

Shit! he thought as he pulled back and stared at the vehicle sitting there ready to go. What would I have done had the guy have gotten away? he thought.

Not that it mattered now.

He walked away back towards the house and wondered how the boys were doing and if the gold was the reason the shorter one had held back in the cellar? But why would he bother waiting around down there in amongst such danger and stinking filth if he had a truck full of gold sitting in the driveway? The answer was obvious -they didn’t know. Maybe they were fighting their way towards the gold through a cellar full of demon vampires only to find an empty chest. If this was the case, so be it.

It was pretty funny, really, Igor thought as he laughed to himself whilst passing the taxi and Hamza who was still sitting in the driver’s seat with a copy of the Koran on his lap. The man now motionless, sweating still but breathing easy. He looked down to see what the meter now read. The digital readout now registering just over $6,450.00. Tapping on the window, Hamza looked up and dropped it down for him to speak. The smell of piss and shit and old bacon sandwiches hitting him all at once as Igor leaned in.

Stepping back, Igor wondered how resilient the man must have been to hold onto his faith the way he had instead of succumbing to the Coont’s dark ways.

Leaving him to it, Igor walked up the stairs and felt his head spin again as he entered the foyer. Stopping for a moment to look at the mess and the two heads at the foot of the stairs along with his broken Stradivarius.

I could do with that Stradivarius now, Igor thought, just go sit somewhere nice and play while I waited for the end. He carried along walking through the mess, doing his best to avoid the blood that he himself had spilled and stopped at Max’s body and looked down. His heart was still beating. It was a good sign, he thought, for him that was - not for Max, who was no longer exactly mobile.

Carrying on, Igor hit the door to the cellar, and ignoring the smell, looked down as he heard the spitting and snarling and energy of the boys as they stood back to back fighting the vampires. They would be okay as long as they took on one at a time, and could retreat into the daylight if need be.

He was being lazy though, and he knew it. Even if the boys were doing what they had travelled halfway around the world to do, and once done would go home in triumph for having rid the world of the Coont. What he needed to do was make sure whilst it was still light that there was none left who could carry on with the Coont’s legacy. He looked to his watch. It was only 2 pm, and it had so far been a busy day. Having been humiliated in front of the world’s musical elite by a child, fought his way through a lair of vampires, killed a rival, saved a maiden, then killed a king.

Get down there, and finish them all off, and be done with it whilst you still can. He told himself as he walked down the stairs, smelling the dead bodies more with every step. He could see the boys clearer now. Sorin, holding the sword to a vampire who used to love to skateboard, as it stared at him, snarling back. The creature now hiding in a dugout crevice in the ceiling. The boys working cautiously, too afraid to get in there and strike. Stepping in, Igor joined them. The two boys now happy to see him, both standing there with their faces covered in blood.

“How many you got so far?”

Igor asked as he reached out and took back the sword he’d fought so many battles with centuries ago.

“One.” Sorin answered quickly.

One was good, Igor thought, killing vampires wasn’t easy. He knew that. Especially when you were fighting without the magic gift of immortality sitting in your top pocket.

Stepping forward and standing under the vampire, he stabbed up again into the demon’s stomach and, with the its arms flailing, brought it down off the ceiling. In the same instance it hit the ground, the vampire who used to hang around the art gallery doing flips and tricks on his skateboard ran teeth-first straight at him. Turning quickly in the half-light, Igor spun and struck the demon, sweeping his mighty sword through the creature’s midriff, cutting it straight in two and bringing it to the stone floor.

“Take it to the light,” he called out to the boys as he stepped further into the cellar, plucking the boys’ friend and scything it in half as he fell. The vampire’s innards spewing to the floor as it landed. Stepping over the vampire as it still swiped out with its taloned fingers, Igor carried on. Plucking and sweeping his way through the cellar. Ending the sad existence of the men, women, boys, and girls who liked to party and had been unlucky enough to end up on the contact list of Max’s phone.

Minutes later, Igor was done. Leaning against the cold stone wall in the darkness, he waited, his sword resting against his legs. The bodies of the vampire dead now withering, dragged away by the Lupei boys, and lined up in the daylight on the stairs.

He was tired, and his arms hurt from the weight of the sword. Not only that, he was becoming dizzy again. He called out,

“Hurry!”

Then picking up the sword, he entered the passageway which led to the small chamber room where he’d kept the gold.

I’ll go there last, he thought as he passed the doorway, see which of the boys look towards the chest.

“Stay close,” he called as he heard the boys join him and saw the shadow grow long before him from the little lights on Sorin’s remaining phone.

He moved quickly now through the passageway, checking the light switches that no longer worked as he went. The dim light from the boys behind following his blade as he scratched the tip of his sword into every nook and cranny he could find. They reached the chamber at the end of the passageway at the other side of the mansion from where the Coont had just died. Igor wondering how many years it had been since he had ventured this far down there himself, as he noticed the chairs and dresser he’d tucked away down there and long forgotten.

The chamber now full of cobwebs and dust, feeling stale and damp. There were two more vampires down there also hiding in the corner. Their eyes catching the light from the phone as Igor waved the beam about searching. Holding the light on them, they could see it was a woman and a man. The man, middle-aged in his expensive suit, along with Simone, still looking like the crack whore she once was in her short skirt and heels.

How did she get him down here? Igor thought as he looked to Simone, knowing the man would have had to step over the dead bodies in the process. But it had not been hard. The man in his expensive clothes who sold real estate and liked to throw ball bearings out of the window of his car in the hope of causing an accident, getting his kicks from the dark side. The man sensing the evil within the woman who was enticing him to her lair as the sun had begun to rise. The man allowing himself to be taken, knowing he himself could join her and become a true demon.

Igor moved forward as the two vampires sensed the imminent threat and moved up the wall and clung to the ceiling, waiting to pounce. It wasn’t good. Igor knew that it was dark in there, and if they started leaping about in the dusty chamber, it would be difficult to hit them without hitting the boys also with his sword. Especially with the way he was feeling now.

Without looking back, he said to the boys,

“Wait by the doorway and block it with your bodies. Hold your light one side of me and keep it there. Got it?”

They understood. Sinking back, the boys filled the opening to the chamber and shone the light to the right of the man with the scars holding his ancient sword to what must have been the two remaining vampires.

Then they came at him at the same time. Both vampires running along the ceiling and down the wall, cutting through the dense cobwebs as they went. Igor swung his sword one way, towards the bigger of the two vampires caught in the light, catching the man and forcing the blade directly through the vampires face, just as Simone landed on Igor’s side from the other direction and then felt the sharp stinging pain as she bit the side of his head. Swinging the man around with his blade, Igor tossed the real estate agent across the chamber towards the boys. Screaming out to them as the vampire landed at their feet.

“Press his neck to the floor like a cop and stake him!”

Skidding across the dirty stone floor, the real estate agent arrived with an open wound to his face at Cristi’s feet. Quickly he stamped on the vampire’s neck as it stopped, and with all his weight, he held him there. Feeling the vampire’s power as it tried to stand. Cristi looked to his cousin as he dropped his phone down and looked to line up the stake he held for a hit.

Spitting and screaming, the vampire clawed at Cristi’s leg as he desperately tried to stand and shield his chest from Sorin’s stake.

“Keep it in here, don’t let it get away,”

Igor called from the darkness through the shrill of the crack whore who was still clamped to the side of his head. Then he appeared next to the two of them. Kicking the man in the side, twisting the vampire’s body just enough for Sorin to line up and deliver the deadly spike into the vampire’s heart.

As the cheap dowel stake pierced the real estate agent’s favorite suit, his dying screams echoed loud around the chamber. Igor prized the snarling Simone from his side with the sword. Her sharp claw-like hands digging and cutting into the flesh on his arms and side.

Eventually, as Igor’s sword dug deeper than her claws could pierce his flesh, the woman let go and fell to the floor. Quickly Igor stabbed down with his sword, holding her to the stone floor as the blade caught her shoulder.

“Hit it now!” he shouted as Cristi bent down and with his foot still tight against the man’s throat, picked up Sorin’s phone and shone its light towards Igor’s voice.

Pulling another stake from his backpack, Sorin ran across the chamber and in one now-practiced two-fisted stab, hit Simone straight though her halter neck top and delivered the stake directly to the vampire’s heart.

Lifting his sword from the vampire’s shoulder, Igor looked at the boys who had done well. Both boys bleeding from wounds neither knew they had. Then Igor catching his breath said, “Come on, we’ve one more room.”

Walking down, they stopped outside the room where Igor kept his gold. Cristi wondering as they did how long the man with the scars had left, now that it seemed that maybe all the vampires had been killed and the Coont was dead.

Opening the door, Igor stepped in, tried the light switch, and seeing it wasn’t working, turned it back off.

“Let’s have a look,” he said, turning to the boys as Sorin shone the light from the phone about the room. The light sweeping through, hitting the ceiling and the chests. The room looked empty, no crevices or corners crammed with vampires with blood-red eyes waiting to pounce and drink their blood. Unable to help himself, Cristi asked,

“What’s in the chests?

Igor looked to the boy as he wondered if the kid already knew. He said,

“Go check.”

Thinking, maybe you’ll find your phone, as he did.

Cautiously Cristi walked to the chests, purposely opening the one he’d already looted from and saw its now hollow inside. The space where the gold had laid untouched almost as clean now as it had been when Igor had stacked his treasure centuries before.

Shocked, he turned and looked back to the source of Sorin’s phone light and seeing his phone now laying on the floor by the wall, shook his head. Then he walked over to the other chest he knew to be laden with gold and opened it to find it also empty.

Fuck, he thought as he stood there wondering where the fuck it had gone and just long enough for Igor to sense that the boy had not seen what he was expecting to find.

“All good?”

Igor asked as he then looked to Sorin for a reaction which did not come and at the same time wondered if he should die with his sword in his hand as the Vikings used to do. The violin would have been better, but that friend was already dead.

Cristi walked back to the door as Igor turned his back to the boys and stepped out into the passageway. His legs hurt now, as did his back. For a moment, he wondered if he’d even be able to hold the weight of his long sword once the time came. He said as he started to walk and sensed both boys following,

“Let’s check the rest of the house, and then once it’s clear of these creatures, we can relax.” Reaching the main cellar again, he carried on,

“Then you boys can think about what to do with your friend’s body.”

It was a good question and one that Sorin had had on his mind since it seemed that they were now winning this battle. They made it through the flies and up the stairs, stopping for a moment for Igor to check to see that Max’s heart was still beating. They walked into the main living room. Stopping in its center Igor looked about. The place was destroyed, as was the corridor that led to the kitchen. They checked the rest of the main floor and opened the doors and windows downstairs to the daylight. Then, they found themselves back in the foyer and on the stairs.

Cristi climbed the stairs without a look to Ray Raye’s head or Max’s eyes as they followed him. Small clouds of dust of what had once been Bullshit Bill drifted with the breeze wafting in from the open doors, as it passed through the mansion. Cristi wondering now if maybe this Billy guy had stashed the gold in the garden or upstairs even, since that’s where he’d found him. If not, it had to be outside, having not seen a trace of it whilst they’d tailed Igor as they’d searched the downstairs.

Both corridors were clean of demons up top, as were the six other wrecked bedrooms and, surprisingly, the attic.

“They like to stay low,”

Igor had said as they took the tight, narrow stairs back down from the attic. They stopped outside the master bedroom. Feeling more tired than he ever had in his life and dreading what he was about to find, having seen the rest of the rooms, Igor said,

“This one’s my bedroom.”

Then he opened the door to see the windows all painted black and Queen Josephine lying naked in his huge four-poster bed with the two dwarf boys, Luke and Broden.





CHAPTER TWENTY SIX

The first thing Igor heard as he walked into the room and the three vampires woke, was Queen Josephine saying to him,

“Get the fuck out of my bedroom room, slave!”

Ignoring her, Igor walked around the bed, picked up his favorite chair, and threw it straight through the blacked-out window. Seconds later as the light flooded the room and before the comfy chair had hit the lawn below, the two dwarf vampires, dressed only in their cowboy hats, were up and away from the light, and both clinging to the ceiling naked.

Caught naked herself in the daylight, Queen Josephine grabbed the bed covers. Trying to hide from the sudden daylight, she pulled them over herself as she lay on the bed and screamed out from under the covers,

“You’re fucking dead. I’ll have the Master kill you for this, you fucking asshole.”

“The master is already dead and soon you’ll be joining him,” said Igor calmly as he looked at the two naked dwarfs disappear into a tight hole the boys had dug earlier into the ceiling in the darkest corner of the room. Wisely ripping through the plaster with their claw-like fingers just in case they desperately needed to hide from the light once the sun had risen.

Turning his attention back to Josephine, Igor grabbed the covers and quickly whipped them off the bed. Tugging at them hard, ripping them away from her, as she hid until all that was left for her to hold onto with her long fingers with painted nails were shreds of Igor’s fine cotton sheet.

Terrified of the light, Josephine quickly looked around the room for the safety of darkness. Two boys held stakes at the door and the man with the scars stood firm with his sword between the hole in the ceiling the dwarfs had just escaped into and herself. The sun on her naked skin burning so intense now, it was as though she herself were standing inches from an enormous bonfire. Turning she began to scream at the heat as she tried to take it on her back, and then her side, and then her front as she rolled around and around trying to escape from the sun’s rays.

The boys watching as this beautiful woman rolled around naked in the sun on the huge old four poster bed. Her long, dark hair flipping as she spun from side to side until she could no longer move at all. Her long beautiful legs, her perfect ass, her tight stomach, and wonderful breasts on full view. They looked to her face as she looked back at them. Her striking lips mouthing, help me.... help me, as her skin began to flake away, and her body turned to ash, until all that was left was her fragile skeletal remains.

Then, as if he had been hit by an unseen force, Igor stumbled forward slightly and caught himself with his hands on the bed. His eyes looked up to the two Lupei boys as he placed his sword down. Pushing the vampire queen’s skeletal remains to the side, he laid down next to her ashes on his bed.

It had come sudden for Igor, as he’d felt his body’s energy draining away at almost the same moment the Coont’s queen had died and turned to ash. Breathing deeply, he looked up to the hole in the ceiling where the two dwarfs hid, and who now looked down upon him with their beady red eyes laughing. His mind wanting to stand and rip the ceiling away with his sword, spear them, and bring them also to the light. But his body was not allowing him the pleasure.

He was dying, he knew that, the man now feeling his life force leaving his body for the second time in his life.

Without looking to Sorin and Cristi, he simply said out loud,

“Boys, you must kill them while there’s light.” The panic setting in as he lay there fully remembering the fear and desperation he’d felt centuries before after the child warrior had snuck up under him in the heat of battle. Forcing his short sword up and into Igor’s stomach from below as Igor swung his mighty blade which now lay between him and Queen Josephine’s remains on the four-poster bed.

Igor the most feared warrior, brought down by a child. The great man lying there centuries before in the darkness of a muddied battlefield as his life slipped away without peace. His mind back then in death seeing the ghosts of those who had died themselves by his sword in amongst other demons. Demons whose souls consisted of nothing less than just pure evil. Ghosts that now roamed the half-life. Eyeless, skeletal monsters in dark robes, carrying axes and scythes, tormenting other newly departed souls as they tried to take their next journey to the hereafter. Unimaginable beasts who had waited for Igor’s demise so as they could exact their revenge.

Igor laying there terrified in the cold, wet mud on the battlefield as his life slipped away. Seeing now for the first time, the souls of the evil men he’d killed walk slowly towards him alongside horrific creatures in what seemed like an age. Spirits who knew he was now defenseless and weak in death. Demonic ghosts singling him out amongst the newly dead which lay around him, whose souls he saw drifting away unscathed. Igor’s terrified spirit knowing they would now hold him for an eternity, torturing, humiliating, and crushing his soul and spirit as they inflicted upon him their perpetual wrath.

And now he saw these same spirits come again. The man with scars feeling the same terror he’d felt as he’d lay dying on the sodden battlefield centuries ago - this time though with no vampire to save him. The man with scars, reluctantly accepting the fate which he’d tried for centuries to avoid, as his spirit slowly left his body. Piece by piece, breath by breath.

Until he was gone. Gone from this world, transported back to exactly where he’d left off centuries before. Igor, the warrior, lying in the mud, choking on his own blood, on a battlefield as a child stood before him holding a bloodied short sword. Igor, the warrior, seeing the light fade from his eyes as he felt the life force leave his body. Igor, the warrior, seeing the same demons coming for him again, tormenting him, as though the long, lonely life he’d known and lived after ridding the mortal world from the vampire curse that surrounded them had been for nothing.

************

The Lupei boys stood there and felt the loss of the great warrior as the sun streamed through the smashed-out window. The man with the scars dead before them, laying on his bed in amongst the ashes of a beautiful vampire. Seemingly at the same time, they both took a deep breath. What they’d set out to do from the start had been accomplished. But somehow, they did not feel complete.

They could see the eyes of the two dwarfs peering back at them as they looked up at the hole they’d dug themselves in the ceiling at the corner of the room. They had to kill them, they knew that, but now they were on their own without the strength and cunning of the man with the scars.

Pulling his phone from his pocket, Cristi looked at it as he checked its battery life. Walking forward, Sorin moved to the side of the bed.

He felt the dead weight of the great man’s sword as he pulled it from beside Igor’s body, walking to the corner of the room Sorin stopped, then just as he’d seen Igor do so many times before that day, he stabbed the blade quickly up into the newly dug hole. As quick as the blade thrusted up into the hole, there was movement, and like huge rats running in the rafters, they heard the two boys move fast across the ceiling above, then settle. Trying to trace the sound, Cristi put the phone back in his pocket as he followed below, looking up at the painted white textured ceiling as the noise from the boys’ movement bled through. Looking to Cristi, Sorin asked, “You found your phone?”

“It was on the floor down in the cellar,”

Cristi replied as he looked up to the ceiling. Saying straight after,

“All the gold was gone. Every bit.”

Showing little concern, Sorin stared at the ceiling.

“Let’s kill these little fuckers first, then get a photo of us with the big man?”

Grabbing a remaining chair which matched the one laying on its back in the garden, he positioned it directly below the scratching sound. Climbing up, Sorin stood with his face now two feet from the ceiling. Then with both hands holding the heavy sword he rammed it through the ceiling’s plaster and into the crawl space above. Pulling the sword back out again and bringing plaster down with it, Sorin stepped down off the chair. The noise of the dwarf boys scuttling in different directions across the ceiling made more frustrating by the sound of their now incessant laughter.

Walking around the bed, the boys looked up at the ceiling, trying to gather where the boys had stopped. Picking a corner, Cristi pointed up. He pulled over the chair, gesturing to Sorin to hand him the sword. Taking it, he climbed up and stood on the chair. Then with a huge lunging push upwards, he forced the sword through the ceiling.

************

Crying with laughter, Luke and Broden laid on their sides in the ghost-lit crawl space above the bedroom ceiling, the blade of the sword coming through the plaster for the second time and just missing Broden’s face, knocking his cowboy hat from his head.

Quickly scurrying like vermin, they made it to the other side of the room, and waited, as they held onto their sides, trying not to laugh but seemingly unable to contain it.

Looking through the darkness, Broden stared at his brother’s bare ass as they lay there giggling. Reaching out with his hand, he took a swing, smacking his buttocks as hard as he could, making his brother scream and spin away just as the blade came through the ceiling again in the exact spot he’d been laying.

They moved off again, their arms and legs holding their naked bodies inches off the uneven surface of the ceiling’s plaster work as they scurried across the top of the plaster in the tight crawl space. Settling again at the other side of the room, they listened as they heard the chair being dragged back and forth as the boys spoke to each other in a language the twins could not understand.

It was too much, this ride they were on. The incredible fun they were now having. Causing havoc within the mansion they had strangely been drawn to. Climbing on chairs or the backs of sofas to suck the blood from as many slutty women they could find. The two young men wandering about the mansion in their cowboy outfits, trying at the same time to get laid in the process.

The cocaine-laden blood of every victim that filled their stomachs making them more and more bold. The boys, finding themselves the center of attention as they swung like circus acrobats from chandelier to chandelier. Their short legs hanging below them as they went. The two young lads who’d come into town looking for pussy and fun not content until they’d brought both chandeliers crashing down, smashing Napoleon’s ancient hand-carved crystal into smithereens.

Then, in their glory and filled with bravado, they’d set their sights on Josephine. This wonderous, long-haired Amazonian creature, this goddess. With her leather boots, big titties, and seductive red lips. The two boys following her, hounding her with compliments, using seductive lines throughout the night to get her in the mood as they’d snuck a cheeky feel of her inner thigh or her ass. Copping a little squeeze of her breasts as they whispered through her long hair into her ear, ‘We the disciples of Coont Draculi - comandeth thou spit roast thee.’

Eventually as the night wore thin and the sun started to rise, the Coont had left the party. Swinging his cape as he’d walked back across the shattered crystal as high as a kite with blood dripping from his lips. Shouting about how he was the greatest vampire who’d ever lived and believing every word as he headed to his lair, and as the tingle in Josephine’s pants came, she’d grabbed both the young cowboys by the hand and walked with them by her side to her newly blacked-out bedroom and made their dreams come true.

Now though they had a bit of an issue as there were a couple of young men of about the same age trying to kill them. Not that they cared. This whole adventure they were on being such great fun. Even the daylight which made its way up through the ever-growing holes in the ceiling that burnt their skin was funny. For the other twin watching his brother getting his ass burnt, at least.

Luke and Broden moved to the side that led deeper into the mansion and away from the window. They stopped at the brick wall which separated Igor’s master bedroom from the corridor outside. Picking up solid lumps of plaster and biting his lip, Luke watched as he threw the chunks from one side to the next. Then waited for the sword blade to poke hard up through the plasterwork as they landed.

Instinct telling them they needed to be quick now. The holes appearing in the center of the ceiling were leaking light upwards into the tight crawl space, leaving them little room to maneuver.

************

Having dragged another chair into the center of the room, the two Lupei boys stood next to each other and, using the sword, cut another hole into the ceiling plaster. It was obvious the dwarfs were like rats and near on impossible to spear in the way they had been trying to for the last couple of minutes. Now though, they had decided on a different approach, which entailed cutting a huge hole in the center of the ceiling and then pulling the rest down with their bare hands, until mother nature took over, and daylight did the rest.

So far, they had eight holes opened up, each with a radius of around three feet. All they needed now was maybe twice or three times as many. Then, they’d be able to pry the roof down with just the sword and their bare hands.

Keeping it up, the boys continued to dig as the plaster began to rain down upon them and Igor lying dead on the bed. They hit sixteen holes all in a circle. Feeling the sword’s weight, they dug it in deep until it made purchase on something inside, then hung on the sword’s handle until the center of the plaster roof gave and caved in.

************

Like the little rodents squeezing though a tiny hole in a broken drain pipe, the boys pushed through into the next ceiling section on the other side of the door to Igor’s grand bedroom just as the ceiling crashed down.

The boys having dug hard with their claw-like nails at the mortar between the bricks until one became loose and the rest followed suit, just in time for them to hear and feel the centre of the bedroom fall. Now they sat again in the darkness and watched from afar as Sorin’s head appeared in the light through the hole in the wall they had just dug. Sitting still, the boys waited, knowing now it would be wise to start taking these two foreigners armed with a huge sword seriously.

Waiting for his eyes to adjust, Sorin dropped back down for a moment before the two dwarf twins saw his head reappear. His hand lifting up and holding his phone which shone its weak beam around in the darkness. Broden remembering now, as he watched the beam hold in the hole they’d just squeezed through that he had left his own phone in the bedroom, along with his clothes. Looking at his brother sitting there in just his cowboy hat, he began to laugh again in the same manner they had whenever they’d been in trouble and stood together in the principal’s office at school.

Regaining their composure, the twins sat and stayed quiet. It was dark at this spot, with room enough for them to sit upright instead of being cramped as they had been in the area above the bedroom. Both knowing it was a good place to wait out the day until night came. Looking to his brother, Broden whispered,

“Looks like we got one into queenie just in time.”

Then just as they were starting to giggle again, the man with the scar’s sword came bursting through the corridor’s ceiling right between the two of them. It was going to be a long wait until the sun went down.





CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN

Hamza opened the door, twisted his body, and got out of the car, feeling the searing pain in his muscles and joints as he stood.

Taking a deep breath, he adjusted his cap and looked to the clouds. “Allah Akbar,” he whispered under his breath as he stood proud. He knew with his God at his side, he had defeated this evil curse that had enveloped his subconsciousness like a fog. He touched his neck where he’d been bitten by the man with the white face who’d sat behind him talking ancient Arabic in the taxi. The two holes now scabbed up nicely. He was thirsty, and from what he could tell, he needed a change of clothes. Walking to the back of the cab, he opened the trunk and looked inside for a change of underpants and trousers and found nothing. He could feel dried poop in his crotch area, and his trousers were covered in dry piss stains. But he was alive and breathing, Allah be praised. His faith in the Koran had saved him.

Looking to the front of the mansion, he wondered if he should go inside to get some water or something. Instinct though was, to jump back in his taxi and get himself out of there whilst he still could. If he did, he could be back home with his wife and children in less than an hour, and food, drink and a bath would follow shortly after.

But whereas for the last few days it had only been the words of the Koran that he’d allowed to enter his mind, the Arabic word for truck - shahina - was there now just as strong and drawing him to the garden with a force greater than his dire need for food and water or clean underpants. It was an urge, a compulsion that centered around that one word. A word easily as strong as the evil dark fog which had surrounded him and tried to take over his soul.

Unable to outthink himself, Hamza walked cautiously through the garden as the word shahina drifted through his tired mind.

He looked about, but there were no trucks in the driveway. Just a gold Tesla a couple of Mercedes, big SUVs, and other sports cars. Taking a deep breath, he shook his head. He was thirsty and starving, and his ass was burning with this rash he was dreading to look at.

Then he made a decision. He was going home. Home to his wife, home to his two kids. Feeling the burning down below with every movement, he got back in his car. Hit the button to start, looked at the battery life then once more to the front door of the mansion and pulled away, hearing the skeleton of the young girl crunch under his tires as he went.

Pulling the taxi up off the drive and onto the grass, he maneuvered around the cars left scattered about. Never to be driven again by a group of men and women who had the misfortune to know and be enticed by a text sent by a drug dealer turned vampire slave.

Swinging around a white sedan, Hamza took the taxi off the grass and back onto the driveway. Looking forward he saw the smashed-up gate at the end of the drive. Then as the word shahina once again thumped through his mind, a single beam of sun burst from the clouds and found its way through the canopy, catching a spark of life off the grille of Bullshit Bill’s truck as it sat with its ass hidden deep within the trees.

Hamza looked at the vehicle now, with its big Fuck you, Ford sign on the grille. How on earth had I not seen it in the first place? he wondered. Putting his vehicle into reverse, he drove the taxi backwards back down the drive until it lined up like a T in front of the Ford’s grille. With his ass stinging like crazy, Hamza got out and walked over to the vehicle.

As soon as he got to the vehicle’s front window, he saw it. The dull gold bars on the front passenger seat calling him like the last doughnut in a police canteen. With one look through the trees to the front of the mansion, Hamza tried the doors. Then, not messing about, he picked up a rock and smashed the side window. Reaching through, he opened the front passenger’s door.

Picking up the gold bar, he felt its weight and looked at the inscription carved in ancient Arabic along its center, saying simply -Allah maeak - God is with you.

************

The two Lupei boys stood at the end of the upstairs corridor and looked at the hole they’d just dug through the ceiling in their attempt to kill the two dwarfs. They had tried everything they could think of, including mirrors, but nothing they did could get to them. The man with scars had certainly made it look easy.

Cristi standing there looking up, still holding the sword, with half his mind on where Bullshit Bill had stashed the gold and unaware that as he did, it was being packed into the back of an already overloaded hybrid taxi sitting in the trees out front.

With a deep breath, Sorin wandered back to the bedroom, looking into the holes they’d made, and came back.

“I know the little fuckers are up there.”

And they were up there, the two boys now sitting silently above them, hidden in a crevice, and about twelve feet from where Cristi and Sorin now stood.

Shaking his head, Sorin walked to the window and looked out. Coming back, he leaned against a wooden beam and stared at the original paintings opposite him on the wall. Watching him, Cristi asked,

“You think these paintings are worth anything?”

Walking over and giving them a closer look, Sorin stared at the paintings and after a brief pause, said,

“Doubt it.”

Looking down, he tried to read the artists’ signatures scrawled at the bottom corners of the bold paintings full of colour and life, masterpieces, depicting ballet and an old bedroom soaked in daylight.

“Degass, or something like that. The other ones I don’t know. Matisse? Mattress? Maybe it’s just saying that to tell you it’s a bed?”

“I hate that old shit,” Cristi said as he lifted himself off the wall with his shoulders and moved in to get a closer look as he heard Sorin whisper into his cousin’s ear.

“We could be doing this all day. Looking at this old crap and trying to catch these little fuckers. I’d say we’ve only got a few hours left before dark, and then they’ll be away into the night. Let’s burn the place to the ground and end it?”

Cristi looked at him, then said,

“What about the gold?”

The boy worrying about a fortune in gold being left behind as he stared at original French impressionist paintings that lined the walls.

“What fucking gold? Tell me, what’s more important?” Sorin snapped back. “You want to leave these fuckers alive to carry on this fucking nightmare? Two days ago, you were going to blow the place to fuck anyway, so what’s the difference?”

Cristi looked at the sword and despite the fact he’d just been smashing it through the ceiling like a crazy man for the last while, he felt its weight again. Letting the nightmare carry on? His cousin was right. He didn’t need that, even in his greed. Especially if he got sent back here by the ‘family’ and then had to listen to his uncles all over again. There was no denying it, he’d seen the carnage and the lives destroyed in the Coont’s wake and unlike Philippe, he’d been lucky.

“Okay, let’s do it, burn the fuckers out and be done,” he spat out as he resigned himself to letting the gold go for the good of humanity. He gave a moment’s thought about how to do it. Then he carried on saying,

“Stay here. I’ll go empty the tanks of the cars out front and we’ll coat the place from top to bottom in fuel. Hopefully it’ll be burnt to the ground before the fire trucks arrive.”

It was a good plan, because when you get right down to it, the boy did love a fire.

************

Feeling his ass pucker as he walked through the dark corridors, Cristi made it to the top of the stairs and walked quickly down. He passed through the mess in the foyer without a second glance to the two heads and Max’s separated torso. He stepped out through the front door into the sun.

The taxi they’d seen sitting in the same place on every drive through was now gone from its usual spot and sitting low and stationary with its suspension bottomed out in the entranceway gate. Its driver now walking about with what looked to Cristi like a limp.

It was a good thing, he thought, the guy up there standing out in the sun, was obviously not a creature of the night. If he was stuck there with his car, then all the better. It would be one more hold up for the fire trucks when they came.

He hurried around to where the garage was and, leaning down, tried to lift the large buckled front door with its latch. It was stuck. Then he walked around to its side. Finding that door to be locked as well, he kicked it in. The garage with its little window at the side was dark, but not vampire dark, Cristi thought as he looked around. The black Mercedes parked to one side and the rafters above all clear of demons. The shelves were full, old containers dating back, from what he could tell, to the start of the last century all the way up until this year. But only one small metal fuel can, which, judging by its weight, was half full.

Fuck, Cristi thought as he checked about the place for the gold at the same time as he looked for whatever he could find that said ‘flammable.’

Two minutes later, he was back outside carrying the fuel can and as much paint, thinners, and anything else he thought would go bang in his arms. He reached the top of the steps by the front door and stopped to look at the width of the large door before glancing out again to the driveway and the weird cab driver looking at him from the gate.

He climbed the stairs and, this time, passed through the dark corridors without a thought for any demons they’d missed that could be lurking. He reached Sorin. The young man still standing in the same spot, holding Igor’s sword as he looked up towards one of the holes in the ceiling.

“That taxi driver’s moved, but he’s only got as far as the gate.”

Not interested in the least, Sorin said,

“They’re right here, I know it. I heard one of them laughing.”

Cristi looked up for a moment into the darkness of the hole.

“Fuck it, who cares? We’ll burn the place to the ground, and it won’t matter where they’re hiding.”

Sorin wasn’t certain. The house was old; it wasn’t like the place was entirely made of wood. Places like this didn’t fall to the ground that easy.

“How do you know it’ll take?” Sorin said as he looked to Cristi, watching as his cousin dropped all the cans to the floor, scraping a bunch of large gouges into the polished wooden floor as they landed. Carrying on, Sorin told him his concerns.

“There’s wood, yeah, but most of the place is brick and stone. It’s a big place. How do you know the whole place is gonna burn?”

He pointed to the walls which Cristi saw were now empty. The frames from the paintings now all smashed up in a pile, covering the scrunched-up painted canvases pushed against the wall at the end of the corridor.

“I’ve used all that old painting shit to get a bonfire ready down there at the other end. Not sure if that’s going to be enough though?”

But Sorin had wasted his time because there wasn’t going to be an issue. On his way back up, Cristi had worked that part out. With a smile, Cristi said,

“If there’s a couple of cars burning in the foyer by the stairs, that should be enough to torch this place.”

************

By the time they had made it outside, Hamza’s taxi was gone. The newly arrived immigrant who’d used his faith to overcome evil, also overcoming the now overloaded taxi’s weight issue in getting up the drive. With a hammer and a screwdriver from the garage, Cristi opened a locked SUV’s door, smashed and turned the ignition. Sitting there in the driver’s seat he looked to the front of the mansion. He had about an inch on either side to squeeze the car through the front entrance door and if he hit it reasonably clean, the momentum and power of the vehicle would take out the door and frame, and that would give him the slack he perhaps needed to get him inside.

So with that in mind and his seatbelt on, Cristi lined up the now ownerless Forerunner at the top of the driveway and powered it down the slope, winding through the now abandoned cars. Lining the car back up, he hit the steps with a thump, and with the front wheels still in the air, caught the left hand side of the open entranceway, ripping out the side of the vehicle and wooden door and frame and smashed his way into the foyer. Parking the SUV in amongst the ash and crystal and human heads on the marble floor.

“That’ll do it,”

Cristi said as he got out, still wearing a shit-eating grin as the adrenaline from the ride flowed through his body. Looking to Sorin as he entered through the now destroyed doorway, he said,

“Let’s put another one in the garage?”

Five minutes later, they’d done that also and another Mercedes with a box full of ball bearings spilled out all over the car’s floor was sitting ass-backward next to Igor’s Mercedes. The fancy car rammed up against the garage bench, along with the garage doors, which the boys had not bothered to open properly, now sitting on top of the car.

With both sides of the mansion covered, they soaked the main upstairs floor with what Cristi had already brought up along with all the flammable substances they could find in the bedrooms.

Stopping for a moment and clearing the dust and plaster from the four-poster bed and Igor’s body, the two Lupei boys then began to set Igor up for a Vikings funeral. Pouring the last remaining bottles of the man’s finest single malt around him on the mattress, they pulled out a lighter and lit it up. The yellow flame catching the whisky’s vapor, sending blue flames chasing around the scarred warrior’s body for a moment, before the nylon mattress cover top took over, delivering violent flames up toward the broken ceiling until there was nothing to see except smoke.

With the master bedroom burning strong, Sorin ran to the other end of the corridor. Bending down he took the lighter to the stack of paintings, watching briefly as they started to burn. Then they hit the downstairs, and did the same to the inside of the car as it sat discarded in the mansion’s foyer, before moving quickly through to the kitchen.

Turning on the gas, they then exited through the broken side door and ran around to the front. Lighting both Mercedes in the garage on fire from inside, they retreated back to the shelter of the trees. Pulling their backpacks from their backs, they then stood and watched the show as the black smoke billowed out from the back of the mansion and spilled from the burning cars through the front door and from the garage. Taking a deep breath Sorin quietly said.

“Adios Phillipe my friend.”

Looking towards his cousin then back to the burning building, Cristi shook his head.

“Yeah adios amigo, you brave fuck.”

Then as the air pressure changed, they felt themselves rocked by the huge explosion which followed. First from the SUV in the foyer as the tank went up, and then from the two Mercedes in the garage. Soon after, it seemed as though the whole mansion was fully ablaze as thick black smoke rose up into the sky, and explosions came and went with varying ferocity.

“How long before the fire department gets here?” Cristi asked as he looked to Sorin and watched him smile at the flames as they billowed and belched thick black smoke from the blown-out windows.

Sorin, glancing to the now-empty gate, said,

“Soon enough, I’m sure. Five minutes I’d say. Longer though, if we put another burning vehicle in their way.”

Without another word, Sorin walked away, picking the nearest car, he smashed the driver’s side window along with the steering lock. Then felt the roar of the engine and the wind whipping in through the broken window as he drove the car hard up the driveway and smashed it at an angle, firmly wedging it between the entranceway’s stone posts. Climbing out of the rear door, Sorin got out, before leaning in again, and stayed there until Cristi could see smoke begin to billow out of the car’s broken window.

Moments later, he was back with Cristi, standing there admiring his work as priceless antiques and paintings burnt along with Philippe and everything else within the mansion. The smoke rising high into the sky from the front and back as they heard the first of the fire trucks from afar begin to make their way up the mountain.





CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT

The two cowboy dwarfs dropped from the ceiling and ran naked through the corridors as the smoke spilled out and blanketed the sunlight. Both boys taking advantage of the black smoke that rose from below as they climbed out of the upper floor corridor window and clung to the outer brick and stone with their claw-like fingers.

They looked through the heavy smoke as it sheltered them from the sun’s deadly rays to the canopied shelter of the trees in the distance. Like lizards running across a wall, they followed the smoke, using its cover, as they breathed it’s deadly fumes into their lungs, and suffered the heat from the flames. Then they stopped, and clinging to stonework, they waited, tucking themselves into the eaves of the mansion’s roof high above the kitchen.

With an almighty bang, the gas blew in the kitchen below, sending flame and smoke deep out into the garden. Clinging on as the shockwave intensified and the heat rose, the boys waited, watching the black smoke as it spewed out from beneath them and drifted skywards, mixing with the upstairs smoke they had already found sanctuary within.

Taking the opportunity of further cover from the sun, the boys ran on all fours, scurrying down the burning hot wall headfirst towards the ground along the stonework. Hitting the grass, they looked up as the smoke cloud from the kitchen explosion rose, rolling inward on itself high into the sky. The smoke, thick and black and impenetrable in the afternoon sun.

Wasting no time and using the temporary cover, the boys moved quickly on. Feeling the blown-out window glass beneath their little feet as they ran, passing the rose beds and lawn until they reached the sheltered cover of the trees.

With no time to spare, the boys made it all the way through the trees and stopped at the high garden wall at the edge of the property. Looking up through the thick canopy of leaves, they searched for any pocketed natural window which could suddenly allow the sun’s deadly rays to come crashing through and take them down.

Unsure, Broden looked to his brother. They needed to be inside and away from the sun’s toxicity. Looking down to the moss-covered earth, they both knew the answer. Getting beneath ground was the way to go, and like a couple of moles on a putting green, they both began to dig.

And it was there they had waited, buried in the ground, listening as the fire trucks and men arrived, dousing the flames with their giant anaconda-like hoses, squirting God’s water into the burning home and onto the ashes of demons.

************

Using the cover of the trees, the two Lupei boys moved down through the garden as the fire trucks arrived. Watching as the firefighters made quick work of the car Sorin had rammed into the entranceway. The two boys feeling the fire’s heat from within the trees as the mansion burnt, pouring smoke high into the afternoon sky.

As the fire trucks made their way entering the driveway with their lights and sirens still blaring, the Lupei boys moved down the garden. Passing the side of the house where the kitchen used to be. The two boys stopping to admire their handy work, as the flames billowed out of the back side of the mansion. Sorin looking like a student, still carrying his backpack and holding onto Igor’s long sword. The boy thinking about the two dwarf vampires stuck in the ceiling as they burnt to death, unaware to the fact they stood close to the shallow grave the two small vampires had dug for themselves.

Cristi still smarting, and wondering if some fireman would be lucky enough to find his gold and whether the artwork he’d seen on the walls they’d just burnt to ash really did have value. Sorin now without a care.

They reached the wall at the rear of the property, scaled it quickly and ten minutes later, hit the bridge as they headed south towards the airport. Relief fire trucks noisily passing them in the other direction as they went. Both boys already reciting in their minds their versions of the stories they would tell their families as they sat like heroes.

Cristi wishing the taxi holding up traffic as it rode low and annoyingly slow in front of them would get a move on. The kid sitting in the passenger seat with his small bag of gold between his feet. The young man feeling rich and playing with his hair calling out, “loser!” as he held his right hand, making the loser sign above his eyes.

Hamza sitting uncomfortably in his bottomed out taxi laden with the gold Christi so coveted as the boys passed by. The Moroccan moving so slow in the fear his car, now so heavy, would never stop when he needed it to.

Sorin now richest of them all as he drove with his backpack sitting on his lap. The bag now full of the rolled up canvases painted by the hands of struggling artists who had in their deaths become masters. Priceless works of unseen art he’d cut from all the picture frames he could find in the house, before smashing the frames up, and mixing them with torn sheets to fool Cristi into thinking he’d turned them into a bonfire in the upstairs corridor.

************

It was dark when Luke and Broden pulled themselves out of the earth, moss and leaves in which they had buried themselves deep within the mansion’s forest.

The two cowboy dwarfs waiting hours standing naked within the trees. Scuttling quickly up into the canopy like rodents, resisting their thirst for blood, as the firemen stepped into the trees to piss.

By mid-evening, all that was left were the smoldering remains of the mansion a six-hundred-year-old man whose face was covered in scars had once called home. Just one bored cop now sat playing with his phone and police computer at the gate as the two boys whipped past him. Wiggling their little asses as they walked along the road in the darkness, both still smelling the charred remnants of the mansion that hung in the air which was supposed to have been their tomb.

Taking a right at the end of the road, they made their way down hill until the mansion’s grounds were behind them, and the fire was no more than a memory. The night air feeling good on their naked skin. The boys still seeing the funny side of the situation as they joked and stripper-slapped each other’s asses. Passing houses as they went and looked for new prey.

A minivan sat in the drive of an old rancher which had once been the proud home of a man and woman who were since long gone. The place now rented to a family whose kids wished they lived nearer the park. The mum loving the view whilst her husband paid for it all doing a job she’d never bothered to understand. The kids’ bikes sitting discarded on the lawn they were supposed to have mowed the previous weekend.

Stopping, the boys looked at the bicycles. They were about the right size for them, so naturally, the kids’ clothes would be a good fit also. They walked up the drive, checking the backdoor to the minivan, then the garage door straight after.

They opened the unlocked door to the garage and looked about. There were no kids’ clothes hanging ready to go on hangers. Both boys still pissed after losing their sacred hats, the first burning above the ceiling along with Igor during his bedroom cremation and the second stolen by a fireman who’d found it on the grass.

Looking to the washer and dryer, Luke walked over, opened the door, and pulled out from inside two cowboy outfits. Holding them up to his naked chest, he looked to himself in a old floor mirror and saw nothing. Turning to his brother, he asked,

“How do I look?”

“Cheap.”

And the clothes were cheap - fancy dress cheap. But something was better than nothing.

“You want to stay as you are?” replied Luke as he slipped the top on and looked to the arms that were a little too long. He pulled them up to his elbows and slipped on the pants. Then he looked around for the matching plastic cowboy hats and found them discarded on the floor.

The two boys stepped outside and looked at each other as they stood on the driveway.

“I must look fucking stupid,”

Broden said as he stared at his brother, now fully kitted out with his new cowboy outfit they’d just stolen. The sight of Luke reminding him of his own first cowboy outfit as a kid, when at the rodeo, he’d felt like half the school had watched him and laughed after he’d stepped up to ride a pony and fallen straight off the other side.

“You look good,”

Luke told him with his eyes to the house now and his mind on feeding. Broden saying straight back, “I’m thirsty.” And so was Luke. In fact, he hadn’t been as thirsty as this since he’d tried to eat a dozen creme crackers for a bet.

“Let’s see who’s in?” he said as he walked straight to the door and rang the bell.

Moments later, the door opened. The kids’ mum standing there on the welcome mat just inside the front door. She looked at the two dwarfs outside with dirty faces wearing her sons’ clothes. Then, she asked straight away,

“You with the rodeo?”

Luke laughed for moment, then said,

“We’ve come to see your sons. Can we come in?”

“No,” the mother answered without the slightest hesitation.

“Can they come out then?”

“No,” the mother answered again. As her mother’s intuition kicked in one notch further, she asked,

“Aren’t you too old to be hanging around with ten-year-olds?”

They were, and they knew it. Then it hit Luke, as he thought back to the night before at the mansion when he’d remembered watching the Coont seduce girl after girl with his eyes. The women falling under his spell as they came to the Coont, one following the other as they offered their necks to him so as he could feed. Then as his mind went back to his own seductive words that had worked on his queen. Closing both his eyes halfway and staring up just as the Coont had and leaning his head back slightly, he raised his little hand towards the woman. With his little fingers gesturing for her to come to him, he said in a low vampy drone as he showed off his fangs,

“Cometh to thou master.”

Looking to the little man’s teeth, the woman stared back at Luke as saliva dripped down from his fangs.

“Surender thy for we be the disciples of the Coont Draculi. For the rodeo awaits thee.”

Then, without a moment’s hesitation, the woman who didn’t really love her husband simply said,

“Fuck off, you little prick.”

And closed the door.

Luke stood there and stared at the door, which had just slammed shut, inches from his face. It wasn’t the first time in his life the little man had been rejected, and this reminder of the past made the memories sting even harder. Smiling, Broden said as he stood there in the woman’s kids’ cowboy outfit,

“Maybe little person rodeos are not her thing?”

They moved on, walking out of the drive, and headed further along the road until they reached the next house with its lights on. The neighborhood dark and completely deserted, bar the residents tucked away in their small fancy homes.

Not yet knowing the rules, Broden asked, “Why we knocking, why don’t we just go in and get it on?”

His brother, in the know, having watched the odd cheesy vamp movie late at night, shook his head as he looked to the house. The woman inside cleaning the floor with her vacuum visible through the curtain less window.

************

Lynn Mile pushed her new vacuum cleaner around the carpet for the second time that night. The retired woman in her fifties, fresh over from the south coast seaside town of Bournemouth in the UK. The woman who liked a drink, alone on a six-month house swap and already bored. The dust and every spec of dirt which had blown in from the nearby fire, all sucked away into the bagless collection cylinder of her new Dyson cleaner.

The distraction of the fire had been nice, especially with all the firemen close by up the road. The English lady feeling all horny after polishing off her first bottle of booze and watching the sexy fire guys running about with their hoses as she wondered if the man with scars who lived in the mansion had been killed, and if now she’d ever find out whether he also had scars on his dick.

Lynn Mile, barely upright, glass in hand, giving the firemen the eye as the mansion burned and ash from the fire fell down around them. The woman from Bournemouth watching, close to her new neighbour who liked to dress her mouthy kids as cowboys. The same mother come trophy wife, whom Lynn thought was a bitch, eyeing up the firemen just the same.

Walking to the kitchen, she opened the cabinet, pulled out her second bottle of the day, and topped up the glass that she’d drained empty while she’d tested her new vacuum.

Then just as she filled her glass to the brim and moved to the fridge, she heard the knock on the door. With her glass in her hand, Lynn walked to the front door, crashing into the furniture as she went. Opening it, she looked at the two dwarfs standing there in their cowboy outfits, and thinking she was seeing double again due to the drink. She said,

“Well, hello little person.”

The two dwarfs looked at each other, wondering why the woman only thought there was one of them standing there. They also hated that ‘little person’ phrase, having heard it all their lives. They stared up at the woman in the doorway with her glazed eyes and drink in hand, as they heard the woman ask,

“Have you lost your horse?”

They hadn’t lost anything, apart from their souls and their treasured cowboy hats. Answering, Luke said boldly,

“No - We’ve come for you.”

Then Luke held his hand up to the woman, staring into her bloodshot eyes with his own that looked remarkably similar. Baring his teeth, he once again mimicked the Coont as he tried to pull the woman out of the door with his mind.

“Cometh to the masters, for we are the disciples of Coont Draculi”

Lynn stared at the little fella’s teeth as Luke stood still, and Broden moved about, making her dizzy. Wondering if this was some sort of joke, she looked about, suddenly sure, her friend Laura who lived close by was about to jump, drink in hand, out of the bushes. When it didn’t happen, and it looked like the coast was clear, she said straight back,

“Ooooh no - you can come to me.” she said to Luke, looking him in the eye, as he stood there unmoving, whilst Broden still shifted himself from side to side.

“Stand still, would you?” smiling, Lynn then asked.

“Where’d you get those teeth?”

“I - am - a - vampire.” Luke replied as he held his hand out, with his palm raised, towards her.

“Really?”

“Yes. We are from the mansion, we are the disciples of the Coont Draculi.” Luke said again, enjoying the feeling of power over women he now felt.

“We are here to seduce you and make you our queen.”

“Well, if you’re vampires, then I’d better invite you in.”

Lynn replied as she stood there still unable to work out why the little man was talking as though there was someone else there with him.

Feeling the Coont’s force radiating from within, the boys stepped into the woman’s home and followed her to the living room. Lynn standing there confused, with her drink in one hand and the other over her right eye. The woman looking at the little fellas now standing on her rug. Letting her hand drop from her eye she looked at the two boys with both eyes and picking up the opened bottle of booze, said,

“Would the four of you like some of this?”

“It is blood we seek - for we have thirst.” replied Luke as he looked up at the woman and showed off his fangs.

With what felt like more liquor in her own blood than blood itself, Lynn said to the boys as she stood there taking the lead and swaying,

“As you fellas are vampires, you betta pull up a chair and bite me?”

Feeling the thirst, the two boys did just that as they pulled two chairs away from the dining table across the woman’s newly vacuumed carpet and clambered up either side of her.

Pulling her hair away from her neck, the woman who wanted to sample everything in life and was still sore from an earlier trip to Mombasa, called out as she stood there in anticipation, “Bite me, little people, bite me!”

And taking their cue, the two twins turned vampires bit down.

Feeling the blood drain from her neck Lynn stood there as her knees wobbled and the flood of vampire-induced ecstasy flowed through her body. The two boys gorging on her blood as their fangs dug deep. Lynn’s blood flowing from her and dripping down their chins as they stood there on their chairs in their freshly washed cowboy outfits.

Then just as they thought they could take no more, the two boys’ heads began to spin. The almond liqueur running through their little bodies like burning poison. The cyanide-laced bitter almonds destroying their systems faster than the sun or any stake to the heart. The room whirling around and around them as the boys became weaker and weaker with every turn whilst their minds and bodies choked.

As their fangs detached, almost in slow motion, the boys began to slowly fall. Their little bodies sliding down the dress Lynn had put on just for the firemen. Their little arms wrapped around her as they tried to hang on. Their knees buckling beneath them as they fell off their chairs and hit the floor. The boys’ small hands holding onto the shag pile carpet so they couldn’t fall any further. Then as they looked at each other lying there with their heads still spinning, both their worlds went black, and just as the almond-based liqueur from the small town of Saronno in Italy had taken out the Coont’s mother and father almost a thousand years before, the two boys, who’d left their small town for a fun and pussy in the big smoke, were gone.

************

Lynn stood in the middle of the room and wondered what had just happened. Four chairs had appeared next to her in the middle of the room, along with four little cowboys with big vampire teeth lying next to them on the carpet.

How odd? she thought as she stared at the boys now dead and looking straight back at her through their empty black eyes. She walked to the table and refilled her glass. How bloody weird? She took another sip of her drink, before emptying her glass in one big hit, then looked back to the floor to see it covered in ash.

One thing was certain, she was drinking too much, Lynn told herself as she filled another glass and looked to her new Dyson of which she was certain she’d already just used to clean up the ash from outside.

Then it came to her, she remembered everything. She hadn’t done it yet, it was the ash from the fire at that mansion, where she’d seen that hunky man with the scars. She wasn’t crazy after all. She was going to vacuum under the table, that’s why the chairs were out. Oh my God that was so funny, what had I been thinking? She thought. There were no little cowboy dwarf vampires in her house! There was nobody here who could claim to be - The Disciples of Coont Draculi.

The End





Paul Slatter grew up in London, England and now lives in both Thailand and Canada.

He is an avid supporter of Chelsea Football Club and refuses to eat mayonnaise.





