Padam Bahadur hoisted the blond-haired man's body onto the small boat, covered it in fuel, lit two small fuses, placed his foot on its side, and kicked it hard into the creek’s calm water.      Stepping back, he stood in silence, watching the small boat drift slowly through the reflections of the distant city lights streaming across the black water.       The air was warm and still as he walked along the seawall toward the girl’s apartment, thinking now about the boat that rested somewhere out there on the creek. He reached her apartment block, stopped a moment and stared at the windows that rose up from the water’s edge. Then he hit the button for number four-five-four and waited. Seconds later, she answered, her voice soft and sweet.      He smelled her perfume as she opened the door and watched her long brown hair dance across her back as he followed her along the corridor toward the main room. She was young and sexy and wore a simple black dress and heels as if she’d been about to go out.      Turning to him, she smiled and asked in a Baltic accent Padam couldn’t place, “Would you like a drink?”       Shaking his head in answer, he sat down and looked around. She had a nice home—expensive, all white and glass with a million-dollar view that spread out across the water.      She looked at him and asked, “So how has your evening been?”      “Good, thank you,” he said deliberately.      It had been very good so far. The blond man had not been a problem. In fact, he’d been much easier than Padam had expected.      “So what would you like to do?” the girl smiled and asked, her voice silky, even smoother in real life.      For a moment, Padam just stared and said nothing, then he said, “I want to look at you. Stand by the window and look out for a moment.”      The girl turned and walked slowly to the window, her right hand trailing by her side, gently stroking the furniture as she passed. She looked at him, smiled, then faced the window. Looking out over the lights outside and slowly arching her back, she asked, “What are you going to do to me?”       Gently swaying her behind, she slipped her dress off, one shoulder at a time, until it slid down and pooled on the floor. He stared at her, not saying a word. Her breasts were large and firm, her ass like a peach. Turning her head, she looked at him.      Padam continued to stare for a moment, thinking. Slowly, he drew in a deep breath. As his eyes began to close in resignation to something that had to be done, he said, “I’m going to fuck you.”      Considering this, the girl smiled, and her voice, almost a whisper, answered, “Lucky me.” She turned back toward the window. In the distance, the boat was now afire, burning brightly in the darkness and casting a shimmering golden glow across the cold, shadowy water. Without looking back, she said, “There’s a boat on fire out on the water.”      Padam stared at her for a moment as she stood there naked before him. He watched the burning boat on the creek below without a care. The girl no longer swayed but stood still, her naked back long and shapely, her perfect ass framed by delicate little knickers, her beautiful legs long and toned. Then he told her what he’d done.      “It is a funeral pyre.”      Confused, the girl looked back at him, not quite understanding.       As Padam walked toward her, he said it again. “It’s a funeral pyre—your blond boyfriend’s burning out there in that boat.”      The girl looked away from the water and back toward Padam to hear the last words he’d bother to say to her that evening.      “I told you I was going to fuck you.”      