Daltrey stood at the edge of the bank, looking down at the burned boat as the sun began to break ‎in the morning sky. There was an ambulance crew there. They'd done their work. The fire crew ‎had done their work as well. Six cops stood around who'd so far done nothing except for the one ‎who was wet. She knew if she told the other five to get off their asses and pan out, they could at ‎least find where the boat had come from in a matter of an hour, but what was the point...they all ‎hated her.‎      Daltrey looked around, aware she was being stared at. The rush of blood from her ‎stomach hit her chest, and unable to hold it in, she called over to two cops sitting sidesaddle on ‎their bikes. "Whoever did this fucked off a long time ago," she said, "so if you're waiting for him ‎to come back, he isn't."‎      The cops looked at her strangely, this chick with a badge who should still be in school. ‎One answered back, "What?"‎      ‎"The guy in the boat's dead-he's not leaving."‎      In their eyes, they were here securing the crime scene-she'd been around long enough ‎to know that.‎      ‎"Now that the sun's up, why don't you walk along the shoreline and see if you can figure ‎out where the boat came from," she said.‎      The cops looked at her, then along the seawall that ran for miles. In almost all their eyes, ‎she could see the words go fuck yourself manifesting, but then one of them, whom she figured ‎she hadn't seen in at least a year, took a deep breath, piped up, pointed back into town, and said, ‎‎"I've got something I need to chase up."‎      So that's why you've been hanging around here for an hour doing fuck all, Daltrey ‎thought as she stared at him, knowing she could make him do what she said, or any of them for ‎that matter if she wanted to. But what was the point? Dead wood was dead wood. And besides, ‎there could be a message chalked on the path reading, 'Small boat with dead guy left from here,' ‎and they'd still miss it. So instead, she just said, "Yeah, I understand. It's hard to walk when ‎you've got gout."‎      Fuck them, she thought. Most had hit on her in one way or another when she first joined ‎the force. They thought she was cute and dumb and wanted to help her on her way, would hate to ‎see her fail. They would say, "Oh, you're so cute" or "You have lovely hair, skin, and lips." And ‎now? They hated her mouth and the cruel words it spat out, words that flowed so freely from ‎between those lovely lips they'd told her she had, those lovely lips they'd tried to kiss and stick ‎their dicks into. Now it snapped back harsh and emasculating words, words that came without ‎fear and hit home, words that cut them down like an unseen Gurkha warrior soldier wielding a ‎razor-sharp sword.‎      Daltrey walked to the boat and looked at the charred remains of the body for the second ‎time. The young kid who had used his initiative and swam out and pulled it in stood there, now ‎dressed, with his hair wet. Daltrey looked at him. He was strong and fit with light in his eyes.‎      ‎"What's your name?"‎      ‎"Williams."‎      ‎"Where was he when you found him?"‎      Williams pointed out into the creek, the tide now turning. In the distance, she could see ‎another boat close by, its stern pulling out to sea from the anchor. ‎      She turned back to Williams and asked, "Where was the tide when you got here?"‎      Williams didn't have a clue. He stared at the water, and answered, "It was dark."‎      Daltrey looked back to the body, now charred beyond recognition. She pulled out a ‎pencil, and lifted a charred cream-colored man's shoe from the ashes.‎      She drove along through the city that was just waking with the shoe in a plastic bag next ‎to her on the passenger seat. As she pulled up to the traffic lights, she looked at it again, lifting it ‎and examining its white pattern and leather soles closely. One shoe was a long shot, but what she ‎already knew from the shoe itself-and from what forensics would tell her by the end of the ‎day-it belonged to a male, late twenties or early thirties, and six foot plus.‎      The shoe store opened at eight, and by nine, she knew she had a size eleven Mauri "slow ‎mover" in light blue-not cream-retailing at around a thousand bucks a pair and sold in only ‎three shops on Vancouver's lower mainland. By midday, she had the names of six men who had ‎bought a pair of size elevens in the last year and had spoken to five of them, the last being a ‎Swedish gentleman by the name of Mazzi Hegan.‎      It was just coming up to twelve thirty, a little over six hours since she'd pulled the shoe ‎from the charred rowboat, and Daltrey was getting hungry. She pulled up outside Mazzi Hegan's ‎apartment complex and walked up to the door. It was a nice place, plush, with marble columns ‎and a fancy lobby. The building manager looked at her ID and reluctantly let her into Hegan's ‎apartment on the twentieth floor.‎      Daltrey moved through the big and airy apartment. A large dark blue sofa ran along the ‎wall. Above it were stylish pictures on an off-white wall-pictures that meant something to ‎someone. Watching her closely, the apartment complex manager spoke up.‎      ‎"Doesn't look like he's here."‎      Fuck me state the obvious, you dopey bitch, Daltrey thought as she turned around and ‎looked at the woman who was getting on but still trying to hold it together.‎      She carried on, ignoring her. She walked into Mazzi Hegan's bedroom, opening the ‎sliding closet without permission then asking after, "Do you mind if I look?"‎      The apartment manager took a deep breath. This pushy cop with an attitude was getting ‎on her nerves now. How would she feel if someone had been snooping around her place without ‎permission, and what if Mazzi was to come back right now and catch them? She knew how ‎prissy he could be, with his fancy blond hair, so she said, "Maybe we shouldn't be here. I can ‎call you if I see him later."‎      Daltrey pulled the charred shoe from her bag and said, "Well, if he's wearing the other ‎one of these, you'll be seeing a ghost."‎‎******‎Bright sun lit up the center of Main Street as Daltrey headed south toward the center of town. A ‎wardrobe full of silk suits and alligator skin shoes gave her the impression that Hegan could very ‎well be the man who had burned to death on the boat. It was now 3:30, and she still hadn't eaten. ‎She pulled her car up alongside a deli and got out. After ordering an orange juice with a salad ‎bagel, she sat down at a table by the window and watched the world pass her by. Across the road, ‎a young kid in his twenties sat with his knees up and a 'need money for food' sign written on a ‎piece of cardboard resting against his shins. Daltrey stared at him for a moment, then looked up ‎at a sign positioned right above his head that read 'Help Wanted.'‎      Fucking idiot, she thought and mouthed it to him slowly as the kid looked back at her ‎through the window, trying to make out her words. Looking back down at her bagel, she thought ‎back to the charred body in the boat. She'd seen worse and crazier things, but wouldn't most ‎people think to jump into the water if they were on fire? She looked back outside to the street kid ‎with his cap out, begging for handouts, the lazy prick. He didn't look sick or mentally ill, and ‎from what she could see, he had good shoes on his feet, though perhaps not the stylish and slick ‎blue Mauri slow movers that her new friend Mazzi Hegan had worn to go boating.‎      Taking a bite of the bagel, she stared at the kid, who was still holding his cap out and ‎looking up at the passersby like a little puppy. Eventually catching site of Daltrey again, the kid ‎stared back, his eyes almost tearful. Seemingly starving, homeless, desperate, and in need of ‎love, he held out his cap to her for help. Daltrey looked back, and holding the kid's stare for a ‎moment, she finished chewing and then mouthed back silently, her lips so slow and precise that ‎even Stevie Wonder could get the gist, Get - a - fucking - job!‎      The kid stared at her, still not getting what she was saying.‎      Fuck me, Daltrey thought. She tried again, this time pointing toward the sign above his ‎head. Go...Get...A...Fucking...Job!‎      Getting it, the kid looked behind him, then back to Daltrey as a stranger passing by ‎dropped some cash into his hat.‎      It was around four thirty when Daltrey got back into her cubicle in the second-floor office ‎of the Vancouver Police Department on Hastings and Main Street. Sitting at the desk, she turned ‎on her computer and punched in Mazzi Hegan on the keyboard. Top off the line was a website ‎for Slave Media Advertising Agency. She hit the link and opened up a glossy site.‎Reach the Top with SlaveThe Media Marketing Specialists      ‎"Wow, don't you guys look fabulous," Daltrey muttered quietly as she scrolled down ‎through the photos of commercial ads shot beautifully and fronted by models with huge attitude. ‎At the bottom was a shot of two men standing in front of a red Ferrari, and underneath was the ‎statement:‎Impossible is NothingSlave-Creative Directors, Sebastian String & Mazzi Hegan      Daltrey leaned in and looked closer at the two hotshots who claimed to have so much ‎talent. The guy on the left was older with a sweet, soft face. On the right was a tall, good-looking ‎blond man in his thirties wearing a blue suit and brown crocodile skin shoes not unlike the ‎burned one sitting on her desk.‎      She stared at the photo for a moment, thinking, as a smiling Mazzi Hegan stared back at ‎her. She asked out loud to no one but herself, "What did you do last night, Mr. Slick, to get ‎yourself barbecued on a rowboat?"‎      She printed the photo and then entered the police database. Seconds later, Mazzi Hegan's ‎photo appeared alongside his date of birth, address, and social insurance number. She scrolled ‎down further. He appeared to be a good citizen with only two speeding convictions and one ‎ticket for parking badly. That was it. Fuck all, she thought. She hit another button, refined the ‎search, and again nothing.‎      Picking up the phone, she dialed the number for the Slave website and asked to speak to ‎Mr. Hegan. As she expected, he wasn't in. "When will he be in, please?" The receptionist was ‎unsure. "Of course you are, my love," Daltrey said as she hung up and stared at the picture of ‎Mazzi Hegan beaming back at her from the computer screen.‎      It was him. She knew it. The penthouse apartment just off Cambie, close to the creek, ‎expensive furniture, a Ferrari in the garage. Daltrey stared back at the photo, and something ‎inside her told her the shoe was Hegan's, and rarely was she wrong.‎      