Playing with the electronic infrared door key he'd just made in the basement where he lived in ‎his mum's house, Dan Treedle stood waiting in front of the sandwich shop at the corner of ‎Georgia and Richards. He quickly stuffed the last few inches of a foot-long salmon salad ‎sandwich with extra gherkins into his mouth as he watched Daltrey pull up and open the door for ‎him to jump in.‎      She was almost unrecognizable now, he thought, with her hair pulled back tight to the ‎back of her head in a ponytail for work. Nothing like she'd looked when he'd met her at a party ‎three months back. She'd been dancing in the living room with this woman who looked like a ‎guy, drunk, her hair down and flowing as she flipped it around like a cheerleader at a hockey ‎game. She'd been flipping it then, and again when she'd agreed to meet him a few days later, ‎when he'd pounded oysters until he threw up.‎      Sitting down, he leaned across the center console, moving in for a kiss.‎      Daltrey said, "You been eating fish?"‎      ‎"Just a sandwich."‎      Good, Daltrey thought as she put the car into gear and pulled out into traffic. She now ‎had an out if he asked her to go for lunch.‎      Dan continued, "If you're hungry, though, I know a great café."‎      Daltrey looked at him and smiled, saying, "Don't worry, I'm good. You've already eaten. ‎But thanks."‎      Once she had the infrared system needed to bypass the security system to Mazzi Hegan's ‎apartment complex Dan had promised her, and if it worked, there was little chance she'd ever ‎have to see him and his food-stained mouth again-unless the system broke.‎      She looked into her rearview mirror and then to Dan and asked, "You got it?"‎      Dan reached into his pocket and pulled out an open circuit board attached by a switch to a ‎nine-volt battery and said, "It's a bit thrown together, but it should work fine. Hit the switch, and ‎it'll send out frequencies to open any of the doors and work the elevators in most of the new ‎apartment blocks in town."‎      Daltrey smiled, it was just what she was after-and the sole reason she'd agreed to the ‎oyster date in the first place after dancing all night with that crazy girl and then this guy after he ‎joined in and then listening to him bang on for an hour in the kitchen as she and her friend cooled ‎off. Daltrey remembered standing there, feeling the panties inside her jeans wet from the sweat ‎rolling down her back, listening to him rattling off bullshit about how his mother was a dancer ‎and how he had in-depth knowledge of modern day infrared security systems and could build ‎custom electronic keys that could easily beat any new security system in the city.‎      She looked at him as she drove and grabbed his knee. "Thanks," she said.‎      There was something about this guy, she thought. Young, a good physique, kind of good-‎looking-but at the same time an absolute moron. Holding up the key with her right hand, she ‎stared at the makeshift contraption and said disbelievingly, "This really works?"‎      Dan nodded. "Go ahead and try it. Try it anywhere!"‎      Picking an apartment building at the side of the road with no concierge, she pulled up, got ‎out, and tried the door. Locked. She hit the button to Dan's device, waited a few seconds, pushed ‎the door, and it opened. My god, the guy's a genius, she thought as she closed the door and ‎walked back to the car.‎      As she got behind the wheel, he asked, "So who lives in this apartment you need access ‎to?"‎      Daltrey looked to the road and pulled away. "Lived, I think."‎      Dan looked at her, confused. "Someone moved out?"‎      Daltrey shook her head, then stopped and thought about it. "Yeah, kind of. Being dead'll ‎do that. Well, maybe dead."‎      Dan stared out the window, then turned to look at Daltrey as the sun hit her from the side, ‎lighting up her straightened brown hair that was normally wavy. She was still hot even if she was ‎dressed like a guy. He asked her, "He or she?"‎      Without looking, Daltrey answered, "We found a guy burned to death on a rowboat this ‎morning."‎      ‎"Where?"‎      ‎"Out on False Creek." Daltrey looked at him and frowned. "That's why I'm taking a ‎sneak look at his stuff while he's still warm."‎      Dan smiled. He'd eaten a shitload of croissants that morning some guy in tight trousers ‎had brought over for his mum, and he'd burned the third round cramming them into the toaster, ‎so he had a rough idea of what the guy must have looked like. He asked, "You found him?"‎      ‎"No, we got a call early this morning."‎      ‎"I thought you police types had procedures?"‎      Daltrey looked at him and raised her eyebrows. She pulled her car up alongside Mazzi ‎Hegan's apartment block and looked Dan straight in the eye.‎      ‎"You going to tell on me, Dan?"‎      They walked to the apartment complex door as Daltrey pulled out her new makeshift ‎electronic device. She hit the button, and seconds later the door was unlocked.‎      Walking inside, they stared at the marble columns as they entered the elevator. Dan took ‎the device from Daltrey's hand and hit the button again, bypassing the security system, and then ‎handed it back to her.‎      Daltrey watched as the doors closed and the elevator began to rise, leaving the ornate ‎marble columns behind. She held up the small device, looking closely at the cheap wiring circuit.‎      ‎"You're a genius!" she exclaimed.‎      Dan smiled. He liked this, hanging out with a cop who dressed like a guy but let her hair ‎down on the weekends.‎      ‎ Her eyes were transfixed on the flashing brilliant red numbers as the elevator counted its ‎way up to the twentieth floor. "Do you think I could keep this?"‎      ‎"It depends on whether or not you let me take a look inside."‎      The elevator stopped, and they walked along the corridor to Mazzi Hegan's front door. ‎Pulling a set of keys from her pocket, Daltrey lifted them up and tried one after the other in the ‎lock. The fifth one worked, and she stepped inside.‎      ‎"Was your last boyfriend a locksmith?" Dan asked.‎      As it happened, he was. Sandy was his name, and he was a master locksmith. He lived ‎just outside town, and she'd met him at a bar one night when she'd been horny and out looking ‎for an old friend. Their relationship had fizzled out a couple of days after she became bored with ‎him and his constantly hard penis and had her hands on a set of master keys that could open ‎almost any door.‎      Now she had it all, Daltrey thought as she put the keys back into her pocket and felt them ‎resting heavily against her new electronic door-opening device.‎      They walked into the living room and looked out the window to the view of the city with ‎the water below.‎      ‎"I like it!" Dan said as he wandered around the place and looked inside the fridge. "Nice ‎pad!"‎      Daltrey walked away from him as she began to carefully open drawers. Without looking ‎back, she said, "Goes with the Ferrari in the garage."‎      She continued to look gently through things as Dan turned and called back, "Really? ‎What type?"‎      She didn't know and didn't care. She'd only looked at it briefly after the manager had ‎politely asked her if she'd like to see if Hegan's car was there in an attempt to get her out of the ‎place. Without looking up, she answered, "A red one."‎      Dan stopped and stared at the place, letting out a long breath. He couldn't believe it. He'd ‎never seen a home like this. It was a million miles away from his mother's basement. He walked ‎around, fiddling with everything he could, then stopped at a picture off Mazzi Hegan and lifted it ‎up.‎      ‎"So this is the dead guy?"‎      Daltrey looked over and said. "You shouldn't touch stuff."‎      Dan put down the picture and wiped it with his sleeve and asked, "Do you think he set ‎himself on fire by accident?"‎      Daltrey looked at him. He brought up a good point-she still didn't know what had ‎happened. In fact, she didn't have a clue. "That's why I'm here," she answered.‎      Dan couldn't give a shit either way. He walked back to look out of the window.‎      ‎"If it was an accident, I'd say he'd have jumped into the water," Daltrey said.‎      ‎"Maybe he couldn't swim," Dan snapped back without hesitation. He turned around to ‎see Daltrey opening another drawer and looking inside. From afar, he could see nothing of ‎value-old tickets, scissors, a screwdriver. He walked over, and with a huge dumb grin on his ‎face, he said, "You know, it's a shame for an apartment like this to go to waste."‎      Daltrey closed the drawer she was looking through and opened the next. In it, a roll of ‎tape, some gum, a spare set of keys. "What are you talking about now?" she asked.‎      Dan stood next to her now, looking down, his crotch now almost ten inches from her ‎face. "Well, you know, we could put it to some use."‎      Daltrey closed the drawer and stood, looking Dan straight in the eye. "In what way?"‎      Dan smiled and shrugged, saying, "You know, hang out."‎      ‎"You mean, like you hang out of me?" Daltrey said as she shook her head and walked ‎away toward the kitchen. So in his mind, it's okay to stuff his face with fish and then think he can ‎get it on, she thought. But she had what she wanted now. Suffering through the oysters the last ‎time they'd been out, with him puking and all, was enough. Luckily, she hadn't had to sleep with ‎the moron with his fishy breath to clinch the deal. Without looking back, she said aloud, "I didn't ‎invite you along for us to party, Dan, if that's what you were thinking. I've got work to do."‎      Dan shrugged again and walked over to a cabinet where he looked at a few loose pictures ‎of Mazzi Hegan on a yacht with another guy and a tall girl who looked like a model. He lifted ‎the picture closer to get a better look at the girl's ass, then called across to Daltrey.‎      ‎"You should see if there's a blue yacht moored in the creek. If there is, I bet it's without ‎its dinghy."‎      Daltrey looked at him. "Why do you say that?"‎      Dan walked away into the apartment's master bedroom and called out, "Because there's a ‎picture of him on one on the dressers."‎      Daltrey stood and walked to the dresser and picked up the photo. As stupid as he seemed, ‎Dan wasn't all that stupid. She turned toward the master bedroom and said, "Keep your hands off ‎of things in there."‎      Dan stared at the king-size bed with its large pillows and purple silk sheets. He looked at ‎the ceiling covered in crazy artwork of strange black-shaded lines and shapes. Walking away, he ‎stepped into the en suite, its huge shower no doubt built for two. Reaching in, he turned on the ‎power jets and watched, mesmerized, as the shower's pump-action jets blasted out steaming hot ‎water from all angles.‎      Opening the door to the walk-in wardrobe, Dan stared at the silk suits, shirts, and ties, ‎crocodile skin shoes, and silk socks-all lined up and perfectly labeled. He picked up a suit ‎jacket and tried it on, looking at himself in the mirror. He saw himself again in another mirror ‎and then, turning, caught a glimpse of himself again at another angle. It was fantastic. He looked ‎styling. Everywhere he looked, he could see himself-back, front, side, low angle, high angle. ‎He hadn't seen anything like it since he'd watched Bruce Lee slashed with a multi-bladed knife ‎at the end of Enter the Dragon, and after he'd broken the basement window when his shoe flew ‎off.‎      And then he saw it. A small drawer made of dark mahogany, varnished like glass. It had a ‎plaque embossed with gold letters that spelled out the word - SPECIAL.‎      ‎******‎It was nearly six o'clock when Daltrey found the yacht from the photo settled in among nearly a ‎hundred other boats just below the bridge, all moored alongside Granville Island at the mouth to ‎the creek. Sixty feet long, sleek, finished in a light blue trim, and designed to cut through water ‎as easily as a tailor's scissors slipped through expensive linen.‎      The fact that Dan had stripped and put on Mazzi Hegan's clothes, then tried it with her ‎sexually as he had, still irked her. It was either that or the fact that she was hungry. Probably ‎both, Daltrey thought as she climbed on board the sleek yacht with the missing dinghy. She ‎reached the boat's door and gave it a shove. It was solid, and the lock, like the small door, was ‎pitted from the elements.‎      Pulling out her set of master keys, she opened the lock and began to climb down the ‎small ladder. The boat, which had been unused for a while, smelled more musty than damp. She ‎walked slowly through the center of the vessel. According to the newspaper left on the ‎countertop, no one had been around for at least a month, and from the notes on the calendar on ‎the wall, it appeared they wouldn't be back for another two. Looking up, she opened a couple of ‎cupboards and peeked inside. They were full of coffee and cookies, maps and booze.‎      She walked slowly through to the cabin at the rear. Opening the door, she saw a small ‎bed, its pillows just peeking out from the brown woolen blankets all neatly lined up and ‎shipshape, readied no doubt for the next voyage. Walking out again, she stopped and pulled out a ‎map of the San Juan Islands from an upended pocket shelf. She sat down at the small kitchen ‎table and opened it. Daltrey stared at the map and a crumpled tidal chart that had been tucked ‎inside. She knew the area well. She ran her slender fingers through her hair.‎      A year back, a guy with really hairy legs had whisked her off in a forty-foot schooner ‎around the very same islands for a long weekend. It had been fun-fun in the sense of freedom. ‎The freedom of the sea, the wind in her hair, the surf blowing up, bubbling white froth along the ‎wooden deck. The tiny harbors and secluded coves...it was a time of magic if you were with the ‎right crowd or the right someone. But the right someone wasn't him, and as the days went on, ‎and the clock began to tick slower as one hour felt like two, then three, the guy with the chunky ‎and hairy legs had wanted sex. And the magic had begun to drift away.‎      Daltrey sat back and looked around and thought about how at first she'd wanted him, but ‎when he was naked in his socks trying to stick his dick in her, she hadn't. And how she'd lied ‎and told him she was sore down there, and had paid for a float plane to come pick her up and ‎take her home.‎      Standing up, she looked around. The yacht was lovely-really lovely in fact-but as ‎lovely as it was, it wasn't Mazzi Hegan lovely. It didn't have that flair she'd seen at his ‎apartment. His yacht would be fancier, carry more of the swirl and swagger that came with a guy ‎who'd go out and buy a pair of fancy thousand-dollar shoes. And with this sudden awareness that ‎she was in the wrong place and that she was trespassing, the sinking feeling welled within. ‎Daltrey headed for the galley's small door that led to the deck, with every step feeling the ‎discomfort deep within that comes to someone who knows right from wrong saying to herself ‎out loud, "Last time, Daltrey-last time."  But deep down she knew what she was asking of ‎herself was impossible.‎      