Dan stood in the steaming hot shower, its razor-sharp jets striking his shoulders. He squirted ‎another dollop of aloe vera herbal shampoo on his head and rubbed it into his hair. He'd read ‎somewhere that its prolonged use promoted hair growth, and since Mazzi Hegan wouldn't be ‎worrying about his hair anymore, he felt it was a shame to let it go to waste. He rinsed the ‎shampoo and turned off the water, grabbed the softest towel he'd ever felt in his life off a nearby ‎towel bar, and stepped out onto the luxurious bathroom floor, feeling the warmth of the ‎underfloor heating radiate into his toes.‎      Things were looking good, and they were about to get better. Sure, his relationship with ‎Daltrey was over before it had begun, but fuck it. If she was freaked out just because he had been ‎lying on the bed in a pair of Mazzi Hegan's silver underpants he'd found in the "special" drawer, ‎that was her problem. She needed to be sexier anyway, walking about like a guy the way she did ‎at work when she could so easily let her hair down and be sexy.‎      Looking at his skinny, naked frame in the mirror, he reached out and grabbed a white ‎bathrobe with the initials MH embroidered on the collar.‎      ‎"Tonight, Danny boy, you're going to get yourself some prime uptown pussy."‎      Dressed like a million dollars in Mazzi's clothes, Dan picked up Hegan's keys to the ‎Ferrari. He pulled the car out of the parking garage and steamed it down Cambie Street toward ‎town. It was a dream come true. How many years had he dreamt of pulling up at Mickey D's in a ‎red Ferrari, and now, there in the distance, the Golden Arches were calling.‎      He dropped a gear, overtook a loser in a Ford, and pulled up sharp at the light. Across the ‎road, a bus stop full of people were waiting. Dan stared at them, the small group there watching ‎him as he gave the engine a thunderous roar. You getting the bus, yeah? he thought. The loser ‎cruiser. Well, that's right, I'm not-because I've got a fucking Ferrari!‎      The light changed, and Dan quickly slapped the car into first and ripped away, passing a ‎guy his age in a Hyundai. "Yeah, fuck you as well," he said out loud.‎      Seconds later, he swept across the road and past the Golden Arches into the McDonald's ‎parking lot, pulling the Ferrari up longways right outside the huge plate-glass window on the ‎side. He stepped out and stared at himself in the reflection. He looked good-a white shirt under ‎one of Mazzi Hegan's cream silk suits, Gator shoes, a Rolex, and the Ferrari behind him. The suit ‎was a bit big for him, but what the hell, that's how they wore them these days.‎      He slammed the car door, hit the button-beep beep boop-and walked through the door, ‎stopping at the counter right in front of the girl he'd had his eye on for weeks. The name tag ‎clipped just above her right breast read Melissa.‎      ‎"Hi, Melissa."‎      ‎ Melissa stared at him for a moment, then at the car, and with a smile, she said, "How can ‎I help you?"‎      Dan just stood, savoring the moment and the girl with the blond hair, standing right there ‎in front of him in her nice striped uniform. He slowly pulled out one of Mazzi Hegan's crocodile ‎skin wallets and checked the huge wad of one hundred dollar bills he'd found in the man's ‎underwear drawer. He was going big tonight.‎      ‎"I'd like three Big Macs and fries, please."‎      ‎"Drink?"‎      Dan nodded and smiled.‎      ‎"To go?"‎      Dan laughed and said, "I don't like to eat in the Ferrari."‎      Melissa looked back at him, this guy in the suit that didn't fit, showing off his money. ‎Then she said, "Why, is it your dad's car?"‎      Dan laughed again. How ridiculous. "No, I'm in electronics, design, and development ‎actually."‎      Pretending to be interested for a moment, Melissa nodded approvingly then walked away, ‎grabbed his food, and came back. She said, "I'm surprised you came here. We don't get many ‎Ferraris in our parking lot."‎      Dan looked at her, her eyes big and blue, and said, "Really? If you want, when you're ‎finished, I'll take you for a spin."‎      ‎******‎Daltrey threw down her keys, unclipped her gun, and flopped down on the sofa. It had been a ‎long day, and the early call hadn't helped. Mazzi Hegan's burned body in the boat was playing ‎on her mind. She'd tried to be a hero and beat the system, have the mystery wrapped up one way ‎or the other before anyone was reported missing or the people from dental records and DNA ‎analysis got in touch.‎      She leaned back in the long chair and closed her eyes, knowing a glass of wine would go ‎down well right now, but the half-open bottle of chardonnay in the fridge was too far away. ‎Letting out a deep breath, she relaxed and thought it all through. They'd awakened her at four in ‎the morning with a phone call. She'd been there at four twenty along with a squad car who'd ‎taken the initial call, which had come in at three ten when the fire on the boat had been first ‎reported. The fire crew were there first, joined quickly by another ambulance crew that had been ‎helping with a separate incident a few blocks away.‎      Leaning over, she picked up the phone and called the internal number for the ambulance ‎service. After a five-minute wait, the answer she was after came back quick and simple-the call ‎for the other emergency had come in at almost the same time as the calls from the residences ‎overlooking the creek reporting a fire in a boat out on the water, except for one call reporting that ‎a girl was lying injured in her apartment on the west-facing fourth floor. The fire brigade had ‎found the apartment and upon entering had found a girl with a severe back injury lying ‎unconscious by the window.‎      Daltrey walked quickly along the hospital corridor. She reached the nurses' station of the ‎ward to which the girl had been admitted and stood waiting. Her phone call to the ambulance ‎service and the information that the same girl had remained silent since she'd arrived had ‎aroused enough suspicion to get her back up off the couch. Why would someone who had been ‎seriously injured not be crying out for their mother or someone near or dear? It didn't make ‎sense.‎      The ward station nurse looked up. It was late, and Daltrey could see the woman was tired ‎and had had enough. But fuck her, so was she.‎      ‎"There's a young woman who was brought in this morning at around four?" Daltrey ‎asked.‎      ‎"Are you a relative?"‎      Daltrey shook her head and pulled out her ID.‎      The nurse sighed. Looking back to her desk, she said, "She was in surgery for most of the ‎morning, and now she's resting."‎      ‎"I'd like to speak to her."‎      After a moment, the nurse stood and walked out from behind the station, the words "Join ‎the club, dearie" in her mind. The administration had been on her back all day, being passive-‎aggressive about "hospital procedures." And to top it off, her back was aching again. Normally, ‎she would have just said, "Sorry, but the patient is in need of rest right now. Would you like to ‎leave your number, and I'll have someone call you in a few days?" Then she'd smile and say ‎‎"thank you" at exactly the same time she said "fuck you" in her mind.‎      It was what she liked to do.‎      But she needed the name of the girl as much as anyone, so if this pushy cop woman could ‎get somewhere, then so be it. Besides, no one else had come forth saying they'd lost a beauty ‎queen with perfect teeth, and the thought of another call from the office downstairs was too ‎much.‎      She walked down the hallway, wondering why policewomen weren't feminine anymore ‎the way Cagney and Lacey used to be. She passed three orderlies who needed to get a move on ‎and headed toward a room at the end of the corridor. Pausing at the third from the last, she ‎looked back at Daltrey and said, "I'll see if she's asleep."‎      Daltrey watched the nurse as she entered the room. She stepped forward. Reaching down, ‎she took the girl's arm and gently shook it. The girl's pretty face was devoid of injury, and only ‎the drip in her arm and the wires connected to her hand gave any sign there was anything wrong ‎at all. The nurse spoke, her voice now one of an angel. "Hello, love. We've someone here who ‎might be able to help you."‎      Daltrey watched the nurse, her tone now completely different from the woman she'd just ‎encountered outside as she placed her fingers softly upon the girl's brow and began to stroke ‎gently across her forehead. The patient was obviously not asleep, but was refusing to ‎acknowledge their presence.‎      The nurse tried again. "Lovey, please, can we have a quick word?"‎      Daltrey stared at the girl as she lay there pretending not to hear, her eyes flickering back ‎and forth behind her eyelids as the nurse's words rolled from her lips as soft as velvet.‎      Nothing.‎      The nurse stepped outside, and they walked back toward the nurses' station. Daltrey was ‎confused. The girl looked so perfect and untouched lying there in the hospital bed. Turning to the ‎nurse, she said, "She doesn't look as if she's been in an accident."‎      The nurse shook her head and looked to the floor for a moment, thinking. Then she said, ‎‎"Don't be deceived. She may look beautiful, but if she ever gets married, she won't be walking ‎down the aisle."‎‎******‎On first impression, most girls' opinion of Dan was that he was pretty stupid. Very few though ‎ever hung around long enough to confirm this.‎      Unfortunately, an expensive car, an ill-fitting silk suit, and a pair of super-slick crocodile ‎skin shoes had affected Melissa's better judgement, and she now sat in the front seat of Mazzi ‎Hegan's red Ferrari, feeling the purr of the engine beneath her backside and wondering how ‎many times she'd seen this goofy guy grinning at her from the other side of the counter each time ‎he'd been in to buy a burger. Letting the power of the sports car pull her back into the calf leather ‎seat, she gazed in admiration at Dan as he shifted gears, hit the accelerator, and watched as the ‎cars disappeared behind him, fading into nothingness in his rearview mirror.‎      Melissa looked good at his side, Dan thought as he raced toward the next traffic jam, then ‎used the car's formula one brakes to stop just in time and then wait for the rest of the world-in ‎their shit cars-to catch up. Yes, Melissa, the sexy girl who always gave him those extra fries, ‎was sitting there next to him now.‎      She was in the front seat of his Ferrari, her blouse slightly open, enough for him to sneak ‎a look at her lacy bra. Leaning forward, she pushed the power button on the car's stereo, blasting ‎Donna Summer out of the speakers cleverly hidden within the dashboard.‎      Looking at him, smiling, she asked, "You like Donna Summer?"‎      Dan shrugged. He didn't even know who she was, but agreed anyway as he put the sports ‎car into gear and began to pull forward, "Yes, I love her. She's fantastic."‎      ‎"Wow," Melissa replied, excited. "I can't believe it-I love Donna Summer, too. Let's go ‎dancing."‎      Dan slowed the car. This was an interesting turn of events, and one he hadn't planned for. ‎In his mind, they'd just cruise around in the Ferrari all evening until either one of them-‎inevitably him-got hungry again. Then they'd hit Mickey D's, snag a couple of triple-decker ‎burgers and some fries, then meander all cool-like through the marble lobby and hit the elevator ‎up to Mazzi Hegan's fancy pad to see what might happen. But dancing, Dan thought, dancing ‎could be fun, dancing could be interesting.‎      Without a second thought, he said, "Sounds great."‎‎******‎      Daltrey drove back downtown and pulled up outside the girl's apartment. She walked down to ‎the seawall and looked up at the building. Fourth floor up and looking west, the ambulance guys ‎had told her. Very nice. She walked to the building's front door, pulled out Dan's thrown-together ‎electronic device, and hit the button. Seconds later, the door opened. Fuck, this was good.‎      The lobby was plush, designed with polished wood and red velvet. Daltrey hit the button ‎and entered the elevator. She pointed Dan's device at the control panel, disabling the system's ‎security, and hit the button for the fourth floor. The first key she tried from her ex-boyfriend's set ‎of master keys opened the door to the girl's apartment. This was incredible-now she could ‎snoop around anywhere.‎      Daltrey turned on the lights and walked into the living room. There was no sign of a ‎struggle, no blood on the floor, just a chair that had been moved to one side for the gurney. She ‎walked to the window and looked out. The lights from the buildings on the other side of the ‎creek streamed back at her across the black water. The boat would have been out there ablaze, ‎impossible to miss in the darkness. She headed to the kitchen, opened the fridge, and looked ‎inside. The milk was fresh, and there was beer, wine, and champagne. The kitchen cupboards ‎were sparsely filled as well-coffee cups, beer and wine glasses, barely any food.‎      Daltrey closed the cupboard doors and walked to the bedroom. She opened the door and ‎looked around. There were clothes lying neatly over the backs of chairs, perfume bottles, small ‎trinkets adorning the surface of the dressers-but no photographs or memories of mother, father, ‎siblings, boyfriends, nieces, nephews, or anything else you'd expect in a pretty girl's room. She ‎walked in further and carefully opened one of the top drawers. Nothing out of the ordinary. Bras ‎and knickers. Vests and clothes in the other drawers. Sitting on the bed, Daltrey opened the ‎drawer to the nightstand. Condoms and lube. Leaning down, she opened the bigger cupboard ‎below-more condoms, various dildos, soft rope, and a blindfold.‎      She walked over to the mirror-paneled wardrobe and slid the door open. On one side was ‎a long line of designer dresses and clothes. She slid the door shut and opened the other side. ‎Inside hung a variety of sexually explicit outfits. Reaching in, she pulled out a black latex catsuit, ‎took a step back, and held it up to herself in the mirror.‎      ‎"You sassy girl, you!"‎      She placed the catsuit back on the hanger, pulled out a red corset reminiscent of the Wild ‎West and did the same. Placing it back in the closet, Daltrey slid her hand along the shelf at the ‎top, felt the edge of a large envelope, and pulled it down. Sitting back down on the bed, she ‎opened the envelope and dropped out a half dozen naked photos of the girl and a man in his ‎fifties, instantly recognizable due to his own self-promotion. She opened the envelope further, ‎looked inside, and turned it upside down, shaking a small handwritten letter out and watching it ‎land in the center of the photos. She picked it up and opened it.‎Natasha,‎Every day I dream of you. Our secret is the reason I smile, the reason I live, the reason I ‎cry.‎Love, ‎Patrick            Daltrey picked up a photo and stared hard at an image of the girl holding a huge dildo and ‎working it into the man's ass.‎      ‎"My god, Patrick, with the size of that thing, it's no wonder you cry!" she said.‎      She slipped the photos and the letter back into the envelope and stood up. So the girl in ‎the hospital with the broken back calling herself Natasha was a whore. There was little doubt ‎about that. And Patrick De'Sendro, one of Vancouver's top realtors who spent a small fortune on ‎advertising his name and face throughout the city, was in love with her and, it seemed, loved ‎what she did for him also, Daltrey thought as she rode the elevator back down to the street, ‎carrying the envelope, the girl's laptop, and her phone.‎      The whole apartment, devoid of basic home essentials, was a charade obviously designed ‎for one thing only-short-term, high-end fucking. And the girl Natasha-if that was her real ‎name-lived someplace else. Daltrey walked through the lobby and out into the cool night air, ‎thinking. A high-class hooker who was injured in her apartment at the same time a man was ‎burned to death in a rowboat on the creek in full view outside the apartment window. Connected? ‎No doubt about it, she thought as she reached her car and opened the door, placing the girl's ‎laptop and phone on the passenger seat.‎      ‎******‎A two-hundred-dollar sweetener discreetly handed to the guys at the door ensured prime parking ‎for the Ferrari and instant access to the Bam Bam club for the guy in the big silk suit and his girl.‎      Dan laid down forty bucks for two more cocktails and dropped the same again to the ‎waitress for her trouble. He was full of it and loving every minute. In Dan's eyes, he doubted ‎Mazzi Hegan-R.I.P.-had ever had so much fun with his money.‎      Feeling like a queen, Melissa raised her glass and leaned back into the VIP booth. ‎‎"Cheers," she said.‎      Dan smiled and joined her toast, the sleeve to his jacket riding back and fitting his arm ‎for the first time that evening.‎      ‎"You really live life to the fullest, don't you, Dan?" said Melissa.‎      Dan laughed and, tilting his head to one side, answered back with the air of a guy who ‎had money to burn. "You'd better believe it!"‎      It was true-he did. Only two days ago, he was living it up down at Subway Sandwich. ‎Dan looked around and relaxed, listening to the music he didn't really like. This was it, he ‎thought. This was fucking it! The high life. Fuck, he'd end up buying this place and a few others ‎like it. He'd change the music and sit here like a real king. Then Daltrey would know what she'd ‎missed out on. She'd come into his club one night wearing those tight jeans she had on the other ‎day and her boots, see him sitting there at his table with his champagne and a few hot chicks, and ‎she'd say, "Hi Dan, don't you look good?"‎      And he'd say, "I'm sorry, have we met?"‎      Play it cool, just like that. Then she'd want him, not use him the way she had tried to. If ‎she was lucky, he'd even let her suck his dick.‎      Dan stared out at the lights and the girls dancing around in the weird way they did. ‎Daltrey had been easy to fool at first, being a cop. She'd seemed interested in his electronic ‎research and the development bullshit on their first date, and he'd have been in had he not puked ‎up those oysters like he had.‎      He continued staring at the dance floor as a girl with a short skirt began to shake her ‎bootie. Watching her every move, shifting in his seat as the lights from the disco ball and the ‎strobes blinded him. Her thin and sinewy legs moving as they twisted, and shook, reminding him ‎of a chicken and making him hungry again. He could do with a plate of barbecue wings, he ‎thought. He looked around through the crowd for his waitress, trying to locate her, his head and ‎body shifting from side to side in time to the music.‎      Melissa smiled as she watched him move, eventually catching his eye, she said, "You ‎look like you're wanting to dance, Dan."‎      Dan leaned back in his seat and nodded. She was right. Dancing would be perfect. After ‎he'd eaten, though. He'd take her out there on the floor, shake her up, rock it hard, and show old ‎chicken legs out there how to move properly. He had to after all-he was still wearing Mazzi ‎Hegan's silver underpants, and they were beginning to itch.‎      