Dennis Willis sat at the kitchen table of his basement apartment and thought of his wife as he ‎read the headline on the front page of the Vancouver Sun for the third time: Unidentified man ‎found burned to death on False Creek. He wondered again if it could have been him.‎      It hadn't been long since he had thought of his wife, maybe an hour at least, but it had ‎been a while since he'd thought about most other things. Once upon a time, he'd been on his ‎way, and now the realization had set in at the ripe age of fifty that he was going nowhere, and ‎he'd possibly never get going again.‎      Many times in the darkness of the basement, he'd wracked his brains as to how she'd ‎been able to possess him. Was it her hair, her lips, her eyes? Who knew... What had it been that ‎had attracted him so strongly? Day after day, she'd called to him as he'd stared at her face. Her ‎there among so many others, seducing him, drawing him in, and making him love her without ‎speaking or even knowing he was there.‎      His heart had pounded when he saw her for the first time. Shorter than expected, but still ‎so very beautiful. He'd smiled as she walked toward him, smelled her hair and soft skin when ‎she held him, felt the tender touch of her lips when they'd kissed and the churning of guilt ‎within, knowing that deep down he'd cheated himself in the game of love.‎      He had taken her to his home, which back then had been his own-and she had cried with ‎happiness at its size and grandeur. She had taken him to his bed and kissed his cheeks, his eyes, ‎his lips, her loving soothing his fears. She had known him before they met, seen him in her long ‎wonderful dreams. She knew his hair, his eyes, his smile. Age was no issue, for souls have no ‎age. Why else would she have waited for him when she, so beautiful, could have had so many? ‎And as the months passed, and his guilt evaporated into the truth of her words and one's own ‎destiny, marriage came. Life couldn't have been better.‎      And then her brother arrived.‎      She had said he loved her and missed her, that she had been selfish, and it was wrong. ‎‎"What harm could he do?" she had said. Nothing could challenge what was special, what was ‎right, what was meant to be.‎      There was no eye contact when he met him for the first time. All that mattered to this ‎man, this brother, was the girl. Dennis watched as he held her hand, stroked her long, wavy hair, ‎and walked around Dennis's home as if it was his own. He was older, thickset, and incredibly ‎strong, and Dennis could do little when he raped her, and even less when her brother raped him.‎      ‎******‎Illya Brakva's thirtieth birthday just happened to coincide with the day of his release from ‎Vladamir Central Prison, which lay one hundred and eighty kilometers to the east of Moscow. ‎Before the clock had struck midnight, he'd managed to kill a dog and break his father's fingers.‎      Why his parents would make him so angry during the celebratory meal for his birthday ‎and prison release, he would never understand. Refusing to give out the address of the man in ‎Canada his sister had married could, in his mind, only be described as ridiculous. After all, this ‎guy was now family, and family was family. Blood was blood.‎      The two incidents-the one with the dog and the one with his father's fingers-were in ‎no way connected. The dog's demise being the unlucky result of a hatred that had manifested ‎itself in Illya's mind day by day throughout his prison term. The dispute was simple-money ‎smuggled in and paid out for an easier ride through the Russian penal system had earned him ‎only a damaged wrist courtesy of a pair of government-issue jack boots and a door that would ‎not close properly. Come the end of Illya's term, death could be the only retribution for the head ‎guard who had not delivered on promises made.‎      But as the doors closed behind him, and fresh air washed over him, the sight of the clear ‎blue sky and the thought of his sister living happily without him alone in a far-off land quickly ‎kindled the furnace of hatred to a simmering flame. The dog had taken the brunt of Illya's wrath.‎      The guard's house sat in the middle of a long street, away from the gray concrete ‎communist-built slums constructed to house the masses. A place where stray dogs and lost ‎people roamed. The house, its wooden-slatted sides painted green, tucked among many, had been ‎given to him as a simple gift from the powers that be for following the party line throughout the ‎long years of communist rule-years in which he'd felt privileged and elite enough to have a ‎home. But now, beaten down and worn thin from living among the filth of humanity, he saw ‎himself for who and what he really was.‎      The guard opened the door and stared at the man he'd never seen before. He was a ‎convict, yes. He'd lived with them long enough to know their kind, their eyes, their stance. This ‎one had the eyes, and although he couldn't see the tattoos, he was sure muted jailhouse art ‎covered the man's body, the images all linked together, hidden just under the shirt.‎      Illya stared at the man, and spoke first, his face neither angry nor bitter. "Remember me?"‎      The guard shook his head and tightened his grip on the small gun he held behind the door. ‎‎"Should I?"‎      ‎"You stole my money."‎      The guard stared back at him, wondering who he was, how he had found his address, and ‎what favors, monetary or otherwise, he'd given to get it. Then he said, "Prisons are full of ‎thieves. You can't say it was me."‎      And Illya answered, "But you are the man who held my wrist in between the door and the ‎frame while your friend tried to kick it closed. I swore to you both that I'd burn you."‎      Then the guard remembered the man who had made a fuss about his money, telling them ‎they would both burn the first chance he got. He remembered the guy who'd worked on the wing ‎with him kicking the door over and over while he held the man's wrist. And he remembered, ‎years later after retirement, hearing the news about how the other guard-the one who'd kicked ‎the door-had been found burned alive in the kitchen. He also remembered how he'd tried for an ‎hour to remember the name of the man who now stood before him.‎      Then he used the words he'd said to others many times before. "If you've come here for ‎trouble, I suggest you leave and be done with whatever grudges you harbor. Now you are free, ‎and the consequences of your actions today will either end your life now, or worse, see you back ‎where you've just come from. Let sleeping dogs lie."‎      Illya watched the older man standing in his sweater, threadbare at the elbows. He stared ‎into his beady eyes, the guard now old, but still tough with his hand behind the door holding a ‎weapon, playing it cool as the other guard had when Illya cornered him in the filthy prison ‎kitchen, acting relaxed but waiting like a snake ready to strike-as this man would do so very ‎soon. And when he did, he'd be quick, Illya thought, as are all animals who know they're about ‎to die. That was certain. How many men, Illya thought, had this man ripped off or injured as he ‎had Illya? How many others had stood here before him, angry and betrayed, and heard the same ‎song?‎      He said quietly to the man, "Your dog's sleeping, but he won't be waking up. You'll find ‎it burned to death in your backyard-it could have been you had I wanted it to, even with what ‎you are hiding behind your door. Go take a look, when you find him there dead and I want you to ‎know it should have been you."‎      The guard waited as the convict turned and began to leave. When he reached the road, he ‎stopped, turned, and called back, "My sister saved your life."‎      The guard stared into the morning light, watching Illya disappear in the distance. Closing ‎the door, he stuck his pistol back in his belt and walked through his house gifted to him for living ‎with filth. He wondered what this man fresh out of jail was talking about when he said his sister ‎had saved him and he'd killed his dog. He shook his head and walked into the kitchen. He didn't      ‎even have a dog. In fact, he hated dogs, especially his neighbor's dog that he'd sworn to kill the ‎next time he found it in his yard. Strangely enough, Illya had saved him the bother.‎      ‎******‎As stupid as he was, there were two things that could never be taken away from Dan. The first ‎was his incredible understanding of electronics. The second, his ability to dance with a pure and ‎natural rhythm unknown to nearly all the white guys in the Western world. When those two ‎things were joined, one could behold something that was nothing short of a miracle in itself.‎      He'd inherited his ability to dance from a mother who was, throughout his early days, a ‎lonely single mum. She had whipped the nights away, spinning and twisting, waltzing and jiving ‎around the house with Dan either watching or riding on the top of her toes. It was early training ‎for a young boy that made for a good night out for any girl who stuck around long enough to ‎discover Dan's natural born talent. And Melissa was no exception. In her experience, most guys ‎fit into two categories-those who could barely dance and those who couldn't. Dan, on the other ‎hand, was an exception to the rule. She'd watched him bumping and grinding his way around the ‎dance floor, pissing off the guys as he rotated his groin in perfect time with the beat while still ‎managing to eat his chicken wings. He moved animatedly across the floor, his shoulders lifting ‎up and down, his arms and hands reaching out in exaggerated movements as he grabbed his food ‎to the beat of the music, eating as he danced, his teeth stripping the flesh from the wing. He ‎wowed the crowd with his fluid motion, slowly stripping off Mazzi Hegan's expensive clothes ‎and slinging them across the floor as he dropped to his knees with his arms in the air, sweat ‎dripping from his brow and chest and running in a constant stream all the way down to his groin.‎      Dan looked at Melissa as he pulled the Ferrari up outside Mazzi Hegan's apartment block. ‎He had her now, it was certain. He could tell by the way her breathing changed each time he'd ‎thrown a piece of chicken to her across the dance floor and smooched up on her, purposely ‎letting the sweat from his brow drip down into her cleavage.‎      He walked around the car, opening Melissa's door the same way he'd seen some guy do it ‎in a movie once. He was on his way...he knew it. Reaching down, he grasped Melissa's hand and ‎pulled her gently from the car to him. He placed his other hand around her back, twisted his head ‎away and gave a silent belch, and then leaned in and kissed her hard on the lips.‎      Melissa held Dan tightly around the neck, kissing him back with a fury. She could feel ‎the energy emanating from this man. He was elemental, like no one she had ever met before. He ‎had this incredible gusto and passion for life. It was almost as though he knew that his world was ‎about to end.‎      Melissa pulled her head back and stared into Dan's bloodshot eyes. It had been a long ‎time since she'd had a night out like this, and she was horny. Her lips tingled from the kissing, ‎and she could taste the pickle from the Big Mac he'd eaten on their way back from the club.‎      They took the elevator up to the apartment, quickly found their way to the bedroom, ‎flopped down onto the huge silk-covered king-size bed, and began to giggle. Trying to take ‎control, Dan climbed on top of her and slipped his hand up her shirt, feeling her breasts. He ‎quickly unbuttoned her blouse and simultaneously whipped off the now dirty silk shirt and ‎trousers he'd found earlier, freshly pressed and waiting for him in the mirror-lined wardrobe, and ‎lay back down next to Melissa wearing only Mazzi Hegan's silver underpants.‎      He leaned back over and began to bite at Melissa's breasts, slobbering and drooling all ‎over them as she began to moan louder and louder. Grabbing Dan's hand, she pulled it downward ‎and up the inside of her skirt. He could feel the wetness that was building from within and began ‎to rub her from the outside of her panties, not quite knowing what to do now after all the hard ‎work he'd done to get there.‎      Then Melissa opened her eyes and stared up at the ceiling. She gasped as she pushed his ‎hand away from her and said, "Is this your bedroom?"‎      Dan nodded and, his mouth half full of nipple, answered, "Yes."‎      Confused, she asked again, "It's really yours?"‎      Dan said yes again, and Melissa sat up.‎      ‎ "Oh my god-are you gay?"‎      Dan stopped what he was doing and looked up at Melissa. "What?"‎      ‎"You're gay!"‎      Dan sat back and kneeled before her on the bed, his silver underpants glistening in the ‎bedside light.‎      ‎"Why do you say that?"‎      Melissa quickly sat up and began to button up her blouse. She gently pushed Dan away ‎from her legs and slowly eased herself off the bed. In seconds, she was down the corridor and out ‎the front door. Gone.‎      Standing there in the room in his shiny silver underpants, Dan stared at himself in the ‎mirror. "Gay? Me? Fucking gay? Jesus."‎      What the fuck just happened? he asked himself. Sitting himself down again, he leaned ‎back, stretching himself out on the bed, his arms splayed out up on top of the enormous silk ‎pillows. He stared at the door. He couldn't believe it. He hadn't gotten this far with a chick since ‎he'd met that blind girl in the park and her guide dog had gotten angry.‎      Slowly, he leaned his head back and rested his neck. He was hungry again now and was ‎thinking about finishing off the green veggie shredded-wheat-type thing he'd left in the fridge. ‎Looking up, he saw what Melissa had seen, and only visible from the bed. Above him, the ‎elaborately drawn ceiling artwork, it's black lines and shapes, all came together to create a ‎picture of two naked men having sex.‎      Dan lay there, staring up at the drawing. He'd never seen such a thing, a portrait full of ‎muscle, sweat, and hair. Then with a bang, the apartment door reopened. Dan smiled. Yes, ‎Melissa was back. She'd come to her senses and was back for more. Quickly, he adjusted his ‎silver underpants and straightened himself up. Leaning back again against the silk pillows, he ‎listened as she walked back down the corridor toward him. He called out to her.‎      ‎"Come get me, baby!"‎      Only it wasn't Melissa. It was Mazzi Hegan.‎      