					Illya stood and looked out of the window of the girl's apartment. He was worried about his sister. She was supposed to have been there all day yesterday and the night before, but somehow she had disappeared. The math was simple—his phone had been ringing, and since he had no friends, it was money lost. He was down somewhere around four and a half thousand dollars and counting, the ungrateful bitch. He should have left her sweeping the carpet for that loser of a husband she’d shacked up with.      Illya walked away from the window, pulled a beer from the fridge, and sat down. His sister was smart, had done well at school, and while he was away, she had managed to find a guy who would pay for her to get away from the shithole they’d grown up in and bring her to this great city. Now that he’d arrived, she was happy—happy to see him and happier for him to sell her off here instead of in Moscow as he’d intended to when he’d gotten out of jail. With his sister being as pretty as she was and not too resistant to his demands, things were looking good. It was all working out. But where the fuck had she gone?      He doubted she would be back with her husband. Why would you take a vacuum cleaner and dishes as a reward for putting out when you could instead have a little money, perfume, and nice clothes that turned heads?      Illya stuck his finger into his ear, dug about, and then wiped it on the sofa. He liked Vancouver with its mountains and beaches, peculiar small dogs in coats, and the little section down by the park where men looked like women and women looked like men. His sister was a smart girl and couldn’t have picked a better place. The city had everything—clean air, the sea, mountains, skiing, incredibly nice and polite people, prostitution, drugs, gangs, and a police force with officers who liked coffee and were okay with everything.      Perfect.      He leaned back, pulled out a cigarette, lit it, and blew the smoke up toward the white ceiling. Fuck it, if she wasn’t back soon, he’d find another girl, a real pretty one. He’d pick her up on Granville Street when the clubs emptied and bring her back here, get her high, and then hit her in the kidneys with a phone book until she got around to his way of thinking. Then he’d get another apartment and another girl, but the next whore he’d import himself. He’d get one of those hot ones from back home, the ones who suck off businessmen around the hotels in Moscow.      He’d make some calls to the guys he’d met in jail, set up someone in Moscow, give out a finder’s fee, and keep them coming until he got so big that the players here started to come around and take notice. And when they did, they’d know Illya Bragin meant business.      Trouble came easy for Illya, and he’d had his first serious taste early. It was trouble born out of nothing and had started simply as a joke at the youthful age of fifteen. He’d been with his friends, hanging out at the edge of the main road that led out of Varero. Asked a hard-faced girl who waited at the bus stop every day and never left if she’d dyed her shaggy blond locks with battery acid to get them so white, and the next day he’d woken up in an alley.      Two days later, recovered from his bruising, Illya had punched the whore with no sense of humor in the mouth and waited all evening for the middle-aged man in the thick leather jacket who drove the Mercedes to come back, only he didn’t. And it was Illya’s mother who paid the price for not keeping her son in line.      And that’s when things really got nasty.      Illya had pulled the whore with the bleach job, with her knickers down around her ankles, off the lap of a guy in a car, held her to the ground, and poured real battery acid into her hair as the guy who never knew her name sped away, spraying mud and gravel from the track at the side of the road onto her as she lay screaming in the rain.      Then Illya let her go, and screamed down at her, “Tell him I’ll be waiting right here!”      And that’s exactly where he was when Bogdan Banin, drunk and angry, turned his seven-year-old Mercedes quickly onto the dirty gravel track on the main road that ran past Illya’s home, scaring away the stray dogs that roamed hungry along the path where his girl with the pure white hair and big tits liked to blow and fuck guys who picked her up at the bus stop.      Bogdan, at it since eleven that morning, sitting in the dark and dingy bar in which he liked to while away the day, trying to get to the football game before it started at seven that evening. He ran five girls that worked the cold, wet main road that left Varejo for Moscow in the east, and he took seventy percent from each. All for the pleasure of having to sort out their troubles with the cops and listen to them go on and on about shit like how they’d just had their hair ruined with battery acid by some young kid. But his women were his women, and the money they earned him was better than digging a ditch or a kick in the teeth, which was exactly what he was going to give this punk kid who couldn’t take a hint.      Bogdan stopped the car, got out, and kicked at a dog as he walked calmly toward Illya. Enough was enough with this prick. He’d take out his frustrations on the kid’s mouth, throw him in the back of the car, stick a bullet in the back of his head, then throw his body in a storm drain he knew on the way to the stadium. Then everyone would know what happened to punk kids who fucked with his girls. If he was quick, he could make the game before it started.      Illya stood and watched as the man who had caught him from behind and beaten him one day and then his mother the next walked toward him. In Illya’s right hand, he held a can of hair spray, and in the other, a mug full of gasoline.      Bogdan drew closer. Seeing the hairspray, he said, “What the fuck is it with you and hair?”      Illya’s heart pounded as he waited in the rain, his finger tight on the top of the hairspray’s nozzle. As Bogdan closed in, he threw the mug full of fuel at him and in one swift motion lifted the hairspray and lit the spray with a lighter, sending a three-foot flame out and onto the gangster in his leather coat, catching him on fire before he could even think of drawing his gun.      Bogdan batted frantically at his flaming heavy leather jacket and threw himself to the ground, desperately rolling around and around in the dirt and rain, trying to douse the flames. Illya stood above him watching, stepping forward only to reignite the flames as they subsided, blasting his hair, his hands, and eventually his face with hot burning chemicals that clung to his clothes and melted his skin as the rain fell.      One minute later, Bogdan was dead.      Although it was the first time Illya had killed a man, it was not the first time he had killed this way. At an early age, fuel from a nearby car, a lighter, and a stolen metal bicycle pump had made short work of the rats that roamed freely through the garbage that grew on a daily basis at the back of the housing development where he’d lived as a boy.      Soon the bicycle pump was exchanged for hairspray stolen from his mother, and slowly throughout the years, cornered rats became cornered stray dogs which he goaded and poked until their tempers broke and they came at him snapping and snarling with ferocious speed. Illya twisting and turning with the grace of a matador avoiding an enraged bull until the dogs met a swift execution by fire that no overweight fuckhead pimp, dressed in leather and drunk on vodka, could ever hope to match.       					******Daltrey sat at her desk in her home, which was a lot less glamorously decorated and spacious than Mazzi Hegan’s pad, and scrolled through the contents of the laptop computer she’d “borrowed” from the apartment. The girl had one email account with a picture of her standing in a beautiful gown in what looked to Daltrey like the lobby of the Grand Hotel.      Daltrey opened her emails and scrolled through. Apparently she was a busy girl and a lot of men were in love with her. She stopped at an email from Patrick and laughed. From what she could see, he was a regular—maybe once or twice a week—and had been there the same night she’d been injured. Daltrey laughed as she remembered the photo of him on all fours with tears in his eyes.      “You’ll have to find another pony to ride you now, big guy,” Daltrey said as she stared at the screen for a moment. There was nothing in the email account that gave a hint as to her real identity. The apartment was the same as when she’d checked, rented out and owned by a numbered company in the Caribbean, its strata bills all paid a year in advance by company check. So far no one had come forward to place a missing person report for her or even Mazzi Hegan. Apart from a high-priced whore with no name in the hospital with an unexplained injury to her spine, Daltrey had nothing.      She sat back in her chair and continued to stare at the screen, and then she made a decision. Leaning forward, she hit the reply button to Patrick’s email and wrote, Patrick, I miss you. You are also the reason I smile…let’s have coffee?      ******      Daltrey watched as Patrick pulled his expensive BMW up alongside the overpriced café that overlooked the harbor. Her eyes following the brown tassels on his loafers, swinging from side to side as he walked across the road into the café that sat on the edge of the seawall in Yaletown.      Seeing that his Natasha was not yet there, he ordered a coffee and picked a table. As soon as he sat down, Daltrey joined him, pulling out her badge as she sat.       “Sorry,” she said, “Natasha can’t make it.”  Patrick stared at her nervously as Daltrey continued. “Did you know she’s in the hospital?”       Patrick didn’t answer, and in his silence, it was obvious he did know.      “I know about your little secret, Patrick. She’s been taking photos of the both of you playing with her toys. I think you need to talk to me because I also know you were with her on the same day she ended up in the hospital.”      Patrick stared at her, this hot chick with a badge who knew about his little secret. He quickly thought back…what on earth was going on? There’d never been a camera involved in their games. Then it hit him. What an idiot he was! This woman wasn’t a cop. She was too good-looking to be one anyway with that long hair and that nice, tight waist. This hot cop was a friend of Natasha’s. She’d set it up for him as a thank you. This chick was going to arrest him and take him away and work him, just the way he liked it. Maybe if he was lucky, Natasha would be okay by now, and she’d be there waiting.      Patrick looked up from the table and grinned at Daltrey. In a hushed voice, he said, “I’ve been a bad boy.”      It was what he’d say to Natasha, and when he did, she knew he wanted her to work him. He’d say it, and she’d say, “Yes, you’re a bad boy, Patrick, a very bad boy indeed.” Then she’d take him to her room and strip him.      Daltrey stared back at this guy whose eyes had just lit up and said, “If you think that at any second I’m going to whip out a set of cuffs, strip down to my panties, and wish you a happy birthday, then you’ve got it all wrong, mister. Now you’d better start talking—and if you leave out anything, I’ll start looking into the possibility of an aggravated assault charge, and if that happens, then Natasha won’t be the only person in the world who’ll know your little secret.”      Patrick began to panic. His mind in overdrive, he could feel the sweat begin to bead on his neck and back. If he had to explain to all and sundry about anything he’d been up to, he’d be ruined. Natasha was kind and beautiful and gave him what he needed, but who would understand that?      His face turned bright red as he began to stutter, his forehead becoming clammy. “Am I in trouble?”      “You tell me,” Daltrey snapped back then kept quiet. She knew from experience that when stressed, people reveal much more than they need to when you said nothing, and it seemed to be working.      “I never hurt her—it wasn’t me.”      He hadn’t, it was obvious, and if he had, then why would he have come to meet her for coffee? “You were with her two nights ago?”      He was. It was written all over his face.      He asked again, “Am I in trouble?”      “She was severely hurt the evening you were with her. Tell me everything you know now, and maybe this will be it.” Then Daltrey asked, “So where did you first meet her?”      Someone he knew told him she was looking for a place to buy. He’d contacted her, and that’s how it started, that’s how they got to know each other, that’s how they fell in love. Daltrey stopped him there. It all sounded like a crock of shit. “In love?” she asked.      Patrick nodded. “Yes.”      “But you paid her?”      “At first, yes, but then we started to spend more time together.”      “How long?”      Patrick stared off into nowhere, thinking. “You know,” he said. “At night.”      “All night?”      Patrick nodded. “And evenings. Then she said that I didn’t have to pay anymore because she’d fallen in love with me.”      “And you with her?”      Patrick nodded and said, “She’s still a human being. People have met under stranger circumstances.”      He felt better now he could read her well. This girl was a straight player even if she was a detective. It would be okay if he played out his part of the bargain.      Daltrey stared at this sap of a man who was in love with a whore who was in the hospital and hadn’t yet asked why. Then she asked, “Did you buy her things?”      Patrick nodded again. “Of course.”      “Jewelry? Clothes?” Patrick nodded again as Daltrey continued, “Expensive?”      The answer to that question was obvious by the look of his suit and his car. It could be no other way.      Patrick answered, “Always.”      “And is Natasha her real name?”      “I’m not sure.”      “And you were going to marry her, but you didn’t know her real name?”      Feeling stupid, Patrick nodded again, then said, “We spoke of marriage, yes.”      Daltrey stared at him. “But there’s a problem—you're already married.”      Patrick leaned back and shook his head and said, “No, she is.”      This one stumped Daltrey. She would have laid good money down that it was the other way around. “She’s married?”      Patrick nodded. “To a dentist, but they’re not together.”      “A dentist?” Patrick nodded. “And she left him because she loves you?”      Patrick shook his head. “No, she told me she left him before we’d met. She said she didn’t love him.”      “Why?”      “Because he was older.”      Daltrey stared at him then asked, “Like you?”      “And he’d bought her.”      This was getting better, thought Daltrey. “In the same way you bought her?”      Patrick stayed quiet for a moment, then said, “No, not like me—different.”      “What did he do then? Go to the mall to buy her?”      Patrick shook his head. He was worried now, and visions of himself standing by a height chart having his photo taken flashed before his eyes.      “No, not like that. He bought her from the Internet. She’s from overseas.”      “Where?” Daltrey stared at him, waiting for the answer.      “Russia.”      “She’s Russian?” She stared at Patrick, and she could tell he didn’t want to answer. So she said, “There’s nothing wrong with being Russian, Patrick.”      “I know. I just don’t want you to send her back.”      Daltrey shook her head, looked at him straight, and said, “I think there’s something you’re not telling me.”      Patrick stared back at her, then looked at the floor.      Then Daltrey asked, “You keep telling me how much you love this girl, but you haven’t even asked me why she’s in the hospital.”      And Patrick swallowed hard and said, “That’s because I already know. I’m the one who called the ambulance.”      ******Daltrey was still shaking her head when she drove away from the café. She thought she’d heard it all, but Patrick was possibly one of the strangest individuals she had met in a long time.      “Fuck me, Patrick, you kinky bastard,” Daltrey muttered to herself as she pulled her car onto the main drag and joined the traffic.       Patrick, the hopeless romantic who was in love with a whore who worked his ass with a rubber cock. What a bizarre world it was. And to top it off, he was a big-time celebrity realtor in town.      He’d found the girl of his dreams living two apartments down from him. Through his contacts, he’d found himself a place nearer with a clear view straight into her living room and bedroom so that he could watch other guys pay to fuck her. He’d been watching her that night. A man had been there in her apartment, just out of sight. He’d made her strip down and stand at the window, but Patrick hadn’t seen what had happened because, like her, he had been distracted by the boat burning on the creek. It was only later that he’d seen her lying on the floor, now alone, and had made the call.      Daltrey turned a corner and slid in behind a bus, on its back a picture of Patrick smiling, showing off his bright white teeth. The happy realtor, calling to her with his eyes, telling her to trust him and only him in this town to buy or sell her place. His slogan was printed right there under his smiling face: Trust me—I take it all the way.      Yeah, well, at least you’re honest, Patrick, Daltrey thought as the bus pulled into its stop and Daltrey passed it, heading back toward the hospital.
      