Mazzi Hegan couldn’t believe it. He knew something was wrong when he saw his beautiful red Ferrari parked on the wrong side of the road outside his apartment complex, then food on the floor of the elevator and his hallway and inside his doorway—and then this strange guy lying on his bed.      What the fuck was going on?      At first, he thought it was some crazy gift from Sebastian, like he sometimes liked to do, but the expression on this guy’s face told him differently, and Mazzi had screamed out, “Who the fuck are you? Who the fuck are you?”      What the fuck was going on? What was this guy doing in his bed wearing his favorite designer underpants from Milan? And they looked stretched—fuck, they were ruined, the fucking prick! They were so special he’d had some hot carpenter make a special drawer for them and was tucking them away until his birthday.      He looked around and saw his crocodile skin shoes, food everywhere, his cream-colored Dolce and Gabbana silk suit lying crumpled on the floor. Jesus fucking H. Christ. Fuck, that was it. He freaked out, lost it, and came at Dan, lashing out, scratching, and slapping down with his chin out and his head pulled back. Swinging out, he corked Dan straight in the face with his man bag.      Mazzi Hegan breathed heavily as he strutted along the foot of his king-size bed, staring at this guy with red slap marks on his arms and shoulders and blood trickling from his now slightly crooked nose. He wanted an answer, and he wanted it right now. He took a deep breath, trying to calm himself, and asked, “Who are you? I need to know who you are and what you’re doing here!”      The guy stared at him, and Mazzi could see he didn’t know what to say. Then he answered, “You’re supposed to be dead.”      Confused, Mazzi Hegan lifted his hand and rubbed it through his highlighted blond hair. “What?”      “She said you were dead.”      “She? Who’s she? Well, let me tell you something—I’m not. I’m right here, right fucking here.”      Dan stayed still, frozen to the spot, then looked to the dresser. Mazzi stormed over to it and opened his sock drawer and noticed his wad of cash was gone. He tried to think of how much was in there, but couldn’t remember.      Turning to this guy who hadn’t moved, hadn’t even tried to run, he said, “Where’s my money? I suppose it went to pay for drugs?”      “No, burgers.”      That was it. Mazzi was tired. He’d had a long journey from LA where he’d been staying with a friend, and he’d had enough. A strange, hot guy naked in his bed? Contrary to all his normal bodily instincts, he was going to call the cops, and that was that. He reached into his pocket, began to dial 911, and said with his Swedish accent in full flow, “You are in big trouble! Big fucking trouble, mister!”      Then in a flash of brilliance, like a gift from God, he saw it right there in front of him and ran out of his bedroom like a demon toward his office.      Dan didn’t understand what the hell was going on. All he wanted to do was get out of this place, but he didn’t have any clothes on, his nose was hurting, and he could feel blood dripping into his mouth—and now this gay guy had rushed out and come back in with a huge camera and was taking pictures of him. What the fuck was going on? Jesus, could this night get any worse? He held his hand up, shielding himself from the relentless flashing from this gay guy with the camera. He tried to stand and, once upright, moved slowly along the mirrored wall, heading for the door. Fuck, he couldn’t remember where his own clothes were. He looked around the bedroom, but all he could see was this gay guy’s silk stuff. Fuck it. Enough was enough with this shit. He’d have to get out of there, underpants or not. Opening the door quickly, he moved out into the corridor and made a break for it. He ran down the hallway, grabbed the handle to the front door of the apartment, ripped it open, and ran for the elevator.      Mazzi Hegan followed, the camera flashing picture after picture. The elevator door opened, and Dan shot inside and stood with his back to the wall, staring out as the door closed on Mazzi Hegan as he snapped his last shots.      ******Daltrey sat at the side of the hospital bed and waited in silence for the girl to open her eyes. She’d been there a while now, sitting patiently while she slept and while the girl pretended to sleep.      Daltrey took a deep breath and asked, “If you don’t want to talk to me, would you like me to call the Russian embassy and have someone come down here and talk to you?”      She knew it was utter nonsense. The Russian embassy was over two thousand miles away in the east of the country, and chances were slim to none she’d even get her calls returned. It worked, though. There was a slight movement under her eyelids, and then the girl’s eyes opened.       Daltrey smiled and said, “You don’t need to be afraid. I’m here to help you.”      The girl lay there, not moving a muscle, just staring into nowhere as Daltrey continued, “What you do in your apartment is your business, not mine, and what you do with Patrick has nothing to do with me, either. You have nothing to fear from me.”      The girl stayed silent.       Moving toward the window, Daltrey continued, “Do you have family here? Can I call someone for you?”      Still nothing.      “The night you were hurt, a man by the name of Mazzi Hegan was burned to death outside your apartment.”      Hearing this, the girl’s eyes blinked, and Daltrey could tell she was thinking about the name she’d just heard.      “Did you know this man? Did you know the man burning out there in the boat? Who is Mazzi Hegan to you?”******Daltrey walked along the corridor of the police station and entered a busy room where her desk sat in a corner by the window. The extra hour she had stayed sitting by a hospital bed had been well worth the effort. The girl had still said nothing, but in her silence, she had answered Daltrey’s questions.      Each question she’d asked about Mazzi Hegan burning to death in the boat had struck a chord. There was no doubt about that. The simplest gesture—the closing of her eyes and the slightest change in breath—gave it all away. There was a connection.      She turned on her computer, plugged her small camera into its side, and opened up a picture of the girl sleeping. Finagling her way into Canada’s immigration files, she searched through the pictures of girls from Russia of similar age who’d come into Canada over the last ten years. Within an hour, she had narrowed it down to a mere five thousand.      Within two hours, she had the number down to five hundred, and in only another hour, she was down to fifty. Things were looking good. Of the fifty, forty had married older men, and only thirteen were living in British Columbia, six of whom were close enough to Vancouver’s downtown region.      Daltrey stared at the screen as each black and white photo passed before her and then stopped at one. It was hard to tell—the girl was not dissimilar to a lot of the girls, very pretty with the same high-cheekboned features, her hair was pulled back. Scrolling down, she read on. Alla Bragin had arrived on a holiday visa three years ago and never left. She’d applied for an extension, then married a Dennis Willis, forty-five years of age, now living out in Burnaby.      ******      It was raining by the time Daltrey reached the basement suite that Dennis Willis now called home. She walked to the side door and knocked, waited, then knocked again. Five minutes passed before the door opened. Daltrey smiled as Dennis looked down on her and told her he wasn’t interested.      “I’m not selling anything, Mr. Willis. I’m just wondering if you know anything about a girl named Alla Bragin?”      He did. She already knew this. He was married to her after all.      “Why do you ask?” asked Willis, his dark eyes squinting.      Daltrey pulled out the picture of the girl in the hospital and sheltered it from the rain so he could see. Dennis stared at the photo, then looked back to Daltrey.      “That’s a hospital bed. Is she okay?”      Bingo! She had it on the first try. The girl in the hospital was Alla Bragin. Daltrey pulled out her police ID, shook her head, and said, “No, she isn’t. I believe she was assaulted, and from what I can gather, her spine has received trauma.”      The kitchen table was dirty, and Daltrey thought if it were her, she would have put a cloth over it a long time ago. Willis stood in the kitchenette and stirred a coffee.      Looking over at him, she said, “I used to have a table almost identical to this one. I slapped a cloth on it, you know, the same as they do in the restaurants. You get a few more years out of it that way.”      Stopping for a moment, Willis looked at her. “I’m sorry, but this isn’t my place.”      Changing the subject, Daltrey asked, “When did you last see your wife?”      Willis held back a moment then said. “A year ago, or thereabouts.” He walked over to the table and placed the coffee down. “Could I see the photo again?”      Daltrey sat down at the table in front of the steaming cup and pulled out the photo. She handed it to him across the table and waited in silence while he sat there staring at the picture of his wife.      “I still care for her, you know. I really do.”      Nodding, Daltrey said, “Why wouldn’t you? She’s your wife.”      “People told me it was never going to work, just because of the nature of how we met, but I’m telling you, she loved me. I know she did.”      Daltrey nodded again, took a sip of her drink, and said, “You can tell.”      Dennis took a deep breath then let it out and stared out of the window for a moment. “I could feel it, you know, inside—you can’t hide that.”      Daltrey gave him time to finish. He was right. She’d known a lot of guys, and she could tell the difference between the ones who just wanted to play her and get in her panties and the ones who were genuinely in love. There was a difference. “You’re right,” she said gently.      Dennis handed the photo back to her across the table and said, “Her hair’s longer now.”      Daltrey waited a moment then asked, “Where did you meet?”      “Through a dating agency.”      Daltrey smiled as she lifted her coffee to her lips. “Times are changing.”      Willis nodded. “My friends told me they were worried, said they thought she was a Russian hooker.”      “Your friends said this?”      Dennis shook his head. “Not in a bad way, you know. They said it after she left me, but you’re not wrong, because they also left me as soon as I ended up here.”      Daltrey stared at him. She could taste the bad coffee in her mouth now as she held the cup close to her lips. Slowly, she moved the cup away. “Some people can be cruel.”      Dennis looked at her and took a deep breath. “Maybe it’s true enough, though.”      Fuck me, you don’t know the half of it, Daltrey thought, then smiled and said politely, “Well, talk is cheap.”      Dennis looked away and stared at the coffee rings on the table, unconsciously circling one with his finger. “Is she okay? Is she in trouble?”      “She’s not in trouble with the police, but she’s in the hospital because her back is broken.”      Tears welled up in Dennis Willis’s eyes, and for a split second, it looked as if he was going to say something, but then he stopped and asked, “Can I see her?”      Dennis sat in the rear of Daltrey’s car as she headed back into town toward Vancouver General Hospital. One thing that was not right in her mind was that as shocked and concerned as he was, Dennis, like Patrick, had not asked how it had happened.******Mazzi Hegan had had trouble with his Ferrari, making him late for work for the first time in five years. The problem had not been that the car was broken after Dan had driven it. In fact, it was not mechanically unsound or damaged in any way at all. It was simply that the smell from all the semi-eaten Big Macs and cheeseburger wrappers and fries Dan had left on the floor behind the backseat had made him retch twice, and it wasn’t going to happen a third time. That and the fact he had no shampoo and all his clothes were creased and thrown back on the wrong shelves would normally have made this the worst day of his life, but somehow it wasn’t. Things were peaches and cream, and he was on cloud nine because, fuck, he knew what he had was just brilliant.       Mazzi stood in the boardroom at Slave’s offices in Yaletown and reviewed the photos on the monitor of his super slim laptop for the twentieth time. What a moment, he thought. Oh my god, what a fucking moment. A man, frightened, distraught, trapped on his bed with blood on his nose and surrounded by silk—he couldn’t imagine ever having seen anything so outrageously sexy before, even in his crazy days growing up in Stockholm.      Then Mazzi looked back at the photos of Dan fleeing like a desperate caged animal along the corridor into the safety of the elevator, the whole time wearing his favorite shiny silver designer underpants from Milan. It was beautiful.      As he turned off the screen, his boss and business partner Sebastian String walked into the room carrying his fluffy toy dog. Mazzi walked over to the door, closed it, sat Sebastian down, turned off the main fluorescent lights, walked down to the other end of the boardroom, turned a small spotlight on himself, then held his hands out toward Sebastian to hold his attention. In the heavily accented Swedish English he’d learned at college, he said, “Now I want you to imagine driving along the road and seeing… Bam!”      He hit the switch to the projector, and a huge image of Dan cowering on Mazzi’s bed came up on the screen.      “Then you pass by another billboard and… Bam!” Mazzi shouted as the next picture of Dan creeping naked along the mirrored wall appeared. Another picture and another and another popped up as Mazzi clicked the switch, enthusiastically shouting out “Bam!” each time.      The sequential display of Dan’s flight out of Mazzi’s apartment revealed itself in a series of terrorized anxious movements, culminating in the shot of Dan holding his hand across his crotch in the elevator. Superimposed across Dan’s knees at the bottom of that photo were the words BlueBoy’s new Bad-Boy Condoms – Don’t Get Caught Without One.      Sebastian looked at the screen, at Dan in the elevator with his blood-streaked face staring frantically back at him, and said, “That’s absolutely fantastic!”      It was priceless, and they both knew it. They’d been searching for the last month for the right way to sell the new Bad-Boy line of BlueBoy Condoms, and this was the answer. My god, Mazzi had done it. Sebastian put his dog down on the floor and asked, “Who the hell is this guy?”      Mazzi turned on the overhead lights and looked at Sebastian and said, as camp as ever, “Yes, well, this is de problem.”******Dan was tired and starving and could do with a Big Mac and fries to calm his nerves. He’d come straight out of Mazzi Hegan’s apartment building and jumped naked into a taxi. As soon as the cab had come to a halt at the top of his road, Dan had the door open and was off and gone, disappearing into the night. Never in a million years would he ever have thought it possible that a middle-aged man in a turban could move so fast.      Fuck, he’d almost gotten him. First, the gay guy with the camera, and then the Punjabi warrior with his field hockey stick. Last night hadn’t exactly gone according to plan. And it wasn’t over—he’d seen the same taxi cruise past at least twice this morning, and the guy in the turban had been wandering up and down the road, still armed with his hockey stick.      He walked over and sneaked another look out the window. Fuck, this was ridiculous, being held siege in his mum’s basement by Gandhi. What a fucking mess Daltrey had gotten him into, all the trouble she’d caused, telling him that blond-haired guy was dead. For fuck’s sake, what kind of detective was she? She didn’t even know Mazzi Hegan was a bender.      He walked back to his bed, sat down, and laughed to himself. It had been pretty funny, though. A good ride while it lasted, even if he had been blinded by the paparazzi and nearly killed by the cabbie. He’d had a good run, had driven that red rocket around for a bit, used all that fancy shampoo in the big fuck-you shower, and got a little bit of titty action in the process, but fuck, his nose was sore.      He walked to the bathroom and looked in the mirror he’d rigged up after his mum said he could stay there as long as he paid some rent and didn’t bring girls back—and so far, he’d done neither. He turned to his side, then back again. Something was up. It was his nose. It was different. He walked out to his bedside cabinet and picked up the car wing mirror he used when he wanted to spy on his mum undressing and looked again.      It was different. Dan ran the tap and washed the blood from his lips and face and sniffed in and then breathed out, blowing out bubbles full of snot and blood. “Jesus,” he said out loud as he stared at himself and his nose that was now a little off center. He turned his head again and looked at his face from a different angle. His nose was definitely broken, but somehow, he thought, in a strange way, the break really made him look good, even kind of sexy.******Dennis Willis stared at his wife as he walked into the hospital room. From what Daltrey could tell, it really had been a while since he’d seen her. From the way his face grew red and his breathing changed, she thought his heart must have been pounding in his chest. The only thing he said was hello, and upon hearing his voice, Alla opened her eyes.      Daltrey kept quiet in this moment of silence as she watched Dennis move forward and kneel down at Alla’s side, placing his hand upon her head and kissing her gently on the cheek. Dennis Willis was not dreaming. Daltrey could tell there was a chance this girl did still love him. She could tell by the way she looked at him and the way silent tears rolled down her smooth, ivory cheeks as she spoke for the first time.      “Dennis, love, I can’t feel my feet.”      Dennis’s eyes welled up. A year of loneliness surfacing as he held her head and her neck, his other hand reaching out and holding her hand. “You will soon,” he said. “Don’t worry, you’ll heal.”      Alla closed her eyes, his voice, soft and gentle, was something Daltrey could tell she had missed. His words, full of love and reassurance. He was obviously a good man, Daltrey thought, a man who deserved more than he was getting at this moment.      