Alla Bragin lay in the bed and looked at the floor. What a mess she was in. She was happy to see her husband, and in a strange way felt secure when she’d heard his voice and felt his touch. After all, right now he was all she had. Her brother was still out there somewhere, and there was a strong chance he could end up like her—or like Sergei, if indeed it really was him who had been burning out there on the creek as the man who had put her here had said.      If that man had killed her brother, then so be it. If not, she was no good to him now anyway with her legs crippled as they were. He’d abandon her—it was the way he was made, and she knew it. Either way, she would be rid of him.      She opened her eyes and looked at her husband sitting with her by the bed, feeling the softness of his touch as he gently stroked her hair. The woman who dressed like a man was still in the room, sitting there silently and watching every move. She was trouble—Alla could feel it. She knew it the moment she walked into the room for the first time, even before she told her she was a cop and started going on about a guy called Wazzi or something.      Who the hell was the guy who’d hit her so hard, and had he really killed Sergei like he’d said? It had to be bullshit, but where was Sergei now?      Alla rolled the options around in her head. Fuck, she was frightened. She wanted to get up and run, escape this mess, head down to the States and disappear, but for the moment she’d lost control and had become a prisoner in her own body. She needed to recuperate, heal, and get her legs moving again, and find someone to look after her, care for her, and love her while her back mended. Looking up, she stared into Dennis’s eyes and smiled. Through her tears and pain, she could tell that he was the one.      Alla was a survivor—she always had been—and from an early age, she’d known the world was bigger than the dark, dreary tenement block her mother had grown up in and her father had moved into when her grandparents died.      When Alla was at the tender age of twelve, her friend’s older sister Eva had come home, walking with the grace of a goddess and smelling of French perfume, her nails colored and perfectly manicured and her beautifully cut blond hair soft as silk. She wore Italian clothes and stylish shoes from designer stores in New York, the quality and feel of which she had never seen or felt before. She’d known her before when they were younger as she’d sat in her friend’s big sister’s room, watching and listening as Eva learned a language so strange and sang along to songs Alla didn’t understand. Alla there, wanting to be grown up, trying on Eva’s new counterfeit clothes that did not fit and the lipstick Eva had bought with the money she earned up on the road.      Then one day, Eva was gone.      ******      A year after Eva came home, Alla’s brother came to her room and made her bleed and cry. As the weeks turned into months, she began to understand what Eva had sold—and the other girls now sold—up there on the road. By the age of fifteen, Alla had joined them, wearing her own new lipstick and counterfeit clothes her brother had bought her, and the men in cars became her life.      At the age of eighteen, as she felt her youth passing her by and her skin darkening from the wind and cold of life working the cars, her brother Illya was taken by the police. She knew she had five years to set herself free. The moment he was taken, Alla began to work and save, for she knew that soon another would take his place. When that man came, smelling of vodka in his flashy car, wanting to run her and wanting the money she earned and her sex for free, she took the train to Moscow. Laying her clothes across the bed of a cheap hotel, she looked in the mirror and combed her hair, colored her eyelids, and painted on a smile.      The handsome blond photographer came, and she paid him in cash and then in kind, and her day in the city became two and then three as she fell in love for the first time. Her smile became as real as a summer’s day as she innocently wrote lies about her life as a student in Moscow, how she ate croissants when she shouldn’t and loved herbal tea, and how she took bike rides on summer evenings. She spoke of her hopes and dreams, about how love was eternal, about the connection of souls passing through time, and how she knew her love was out there waiting. Then once everything was perfect, she paid the fee and signed up to find love.      Time passed as she waited in her room. Then the letters came, and she answered them all with hope and honesty as she worked the expensive hotels and kept herself beautiful. Before long, the proposals came from the lost and lonely in search of love. They offered lives on farms and in cities, and she accepted them all. Age, race, creed mattered not at all, for stepping stones, like the men in their cars, were soon forgotten. Then, as a hungry fish strikes the hook and can’t let go, one man could write no more, and a visa was arranged, the agency paid, and a flight soon followed, and like Eva so many years before with the scent of French perfume, counterfeit clothes, and hair like silk, she was gone—off to a new life, far away from the ash grey tenement blocks with stray dogs and a brother who would soon be home.******With the euphoria of capturing the images he needed for his latest ad campaign wearing thin, Mazzi Hegan was beginning to feel violated.      “Jesus,” he said as he watched the middle-aged cleaning lady with no style come out of the bedroom frowning, a half-eaten taco in one of her hands.      “I just found this in the pocket of one of your jackets, and there’s chewing gum stuck to the inside of your shower and some more on the mirror. I’d say chances are he’s also been using your toothbrush.”      For a second, Mazzi thought he was going to puke. The guy was a fucking animal. Storming out of his bedroom, he went to stand on the balcony. God, he wished he hadn’t lost his temper and hit the guy in the face with his man bag. At least then he would have found out who this guy was and how the hell he got the keys to the apartment in the first place. Of course, then he wouldn’t have gotten the photos, so what was done was done. It was fate, pure fate—it just had to be.      He leaned against the balcony rail, wracking his brain, and looked out at the view of the city. Was this person a guy he’d picked up at a club, fucked, and forgotten about on the night he left? No. Was he an old flame? No, definitely not. Was he a friend of an old flame? Maybe. No, he’d remember. Then he remembered that guy at the gym a month back, the plumber. They were doing squats together, and he’d had him to his apartment to help him fix the shower. They’d had a wild weekend, and Mazzi had told him he could come back anytime—but no, shit, he was Mexican. “Oh god!” he shouted out. He was just so fucked up. All he had to go on was the man’s wallet, with its single six-inch sandwich voucher to Subway.      Mazzi took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down. The whole situation was crazy, and he needed to get it figured out. Once the place was cleaned, and he’d replaced his sheets, towels, toothbrush, and all his socks, shirts, and underwear, he’d find the guy, swallow his pride, and get a contract signed so he could move forward. He’d do it fair and square, even if the man, whoever he was, had left his favorite bathroom loofah in the fridge.      ******Charles Chuck Chendrill had worked for Sebastian String before. He was, in Sebastian’s eyes, two things. One, he was the best private investigator he’d ever known. Two, he was the most expensive private investigator he’d ever known.      They’d all met in a coffee house, and after waiting ten minutes for Chendrill to come out of the restroom, Mazzi Hegan was already pissed. He asked his partner out loud and with enough volume for the private eye to hear through the restroom door, “Why do you hire him?”      Sebastian stared at the door and then, without looking back, he said, “Because he’s the best!”      Mazzi joined him in staring at the restroom door. He rubbed his hands through his hair and looked away to the cute girl who had served them, wondering where she’d had her highlights done. “You think so? He stinks of horses. Can’t you smell him?”      Sebastian looked back to Mazzi and said, “You’d know, dear. Anyway, I like him.”      “Why?”      “Because he saved Fluffy.”      Mazzi looked back to Sebastian and said, “I think you just like hanging around with straight guys.”      Sebastian knew Hegan was right, but ignored him and looked to the bathroom door again. It was a little odd that Chendrill, as hunky as he was, had come in, shaken both their hands, got the gist of what the problem was, asked Mazzi a few personal questions, and then disappeared into the washroom for what seemed like an age. Looking back to Mazzi, Sebastian said, “Well, shoot me.”      The restroom door opened, and Chendrill walked back out, rubbing the water from his hands. He sat down and said, “Sorry about that.”      Sebastian smiled. “It’s okay. When you’ve got to go, you’ve got to go.”      Mazzi Hegan closed his eyes. Why Sebastian insisted on using this guy, he couldn’t fathom. The man had no idea how to dress and always insisted on asking Mazzi too many questions about his love life. Why the fuck did he have to know how many men he’d had back to his place on a weekly basis? After all, the only thing the man had ever really done for them so far, this Mr. Fucking Charlie “Chuck” Chendrill, super sleuth, Magnum PI fucking wannabe, was to find Sebastian’s dog when it’d gone missing, and even his grandmother could have done that if she’d gone to the fucking pound.      Chendrill smiled at Mazzi and said, “So let’s recap everything. From what I can gather, Mr. Hegan, you came home after a week away, and when you got back, some strange guy was in your bed wearing your clothes.”      “He was naked except for my silver underwear, which he stole.”      Chendrill stared at the photos of Dan for a moment, then continued. “And you took these photos of him, and now you’re trying to track him down.”      Fuck me, Mazzi thought, then answered, “Yes.”      “Okay, so you don’t know this guy?”      “No.”      “And you’ve never seen him at any clubs or parties before?”      “No.”      “And do you think this gentleman could be part of the homosexual community in this city?”      “You tell me.”      Chendrill looked again at the photo of Dan kneeling on the bed with blood coming from his nose and grinned. “And you struck this gentleman?”      “No, my bag did.”      Charles Chuck Chendrill was already regretting taking the call. He’d had enough of this bitchy guy with the highlights and the attitude. Memories of all the hysterical screaming and crying that went on during the fiasco with the lost dog were starting to flood back. But work was work, and Sebastian paid well.      He opened his briefcase, placed the photo inside, and closed it with a snap. “Right then,” he said. “Thank you. I’ll go find this guy.” Reaching out, he took Sebastian’s hand first, then Mazzi’s, and walked toward the door.******After he’d taken a long shower and changed his clothes, the first thing Chendrill did was talk to the apartment manager who’d shown Mazzi Hegan's apartment to Daltrey the day after she’d found the body on the boat out on the creek. As she looked at the picture of Dan folded at the neck, she said, “The only person I saw here was the cop.”      “The cop?”      The manager nodded and stepped back, resting her backside on the desk. She liked this guy’s confidence and the way he wore his moustache.      “Did you get a name?”      “No, but she was really just snooping around looking for shoes.”      “She?”      “Yeah, she had the same name as the old singer.”      Chendrill smiled. He was on his way. He knew Daltrey and had met her when he himself had been a detective with the Vancouver police force. He liked her. She was different even then and had always thought outside the box. She’d caused a stir, he remembered, for busting a marijuana grow op in her first year when all she was supposed to be doing was school duty.      But for him, that was another lifetime, before the frustration and the politics set in and he’d switched from chasing murderers to spending time chasing married couples around, investigating insurance fraud, and searching for lost dogs.      Chendrill stepped to one side and leaned against the wall so he could see himself in the large mirror in the reception area. He looked good—everything was perfect except for his stomach. He looked back at the manager. She was kind of cute, even if she was getting on a bit.      “You look after this big place all on your own?” he asked, flirting.      The manager blushed. If she’d known she was going to get a visit from a hunky private investigator who looked like Thomas Magnum, she would have worn her new skirt. “I manage,” she said and gave a little smile.      “I’m sure you do, young lady, I’m sure you do.”      Then she said, “I have some stored CCTV footage if you’d like to check through it.”      The sight of Dan, first in the elevator and then running through the lobby, was too funny. The manager leaning over his back in her office, accidentally letting her titties rub his shoulder, had been the icing on the cake. Chendrill was still laughing when he met Daltrey at the small French restaurant on Denman.      “I’m trying to find someone. Do you know this guy?”      Daltrey nodded as she looked down at the photo of Dan, which was now just a headshot.      “Yeah.”      Chendrill carried on. “May I ask how?”      Daltrey smiled, slightly embarrassed, and said, “We kind of dated once.”      “Really? I thought he was gay.”      “No, he’s an electronics genius.”      Chendrill smiled. He hadn’t been expecting that one. Most electronics geniuses he’d come across lived in their mother's basements and never went out. They weren’t running around stealing Ferraris.      “Why would you think he’s gay?”      “A client of mine found him waiting naked in his bed.”      Daltrey stared at him for a moment. This was getting confusing. Dan gay? No. He couldn’t be. Not with the way he’d come on to her like he had, standing there at Hegan’s place with his cock semi-erect right in her face, looking like he’d pulled a huge pork sausage out the fridge and stuffed it down his pants.      She grinned to herself as she looked at Chendrill’s big moustache and long hair. She liked him. She remembered him from her early days on the force when she’d been in trouble after skipping school duty to bring in a million-dollar drug operation she’d cottoned onto running out the back of a local car service facility. He’d come over to her in the canteen and said, “Stick up for yourself. They’re jealous, and you embarrassed them. That’s all.”      Not too much later, the two had slept together after a night at a bar, and it hadn’t been Chendrill who’d instigated things. There was just something about the man—the way he moved, his calmness, the way he listened. Then afterward, as they’d laid together on his bed, he’d asked her in the most honest and nonjudgmental of ways if she preferred girls. To prove him wrong, she’d done him again. But from then on, she’d often wondered deep down how he’d known.      Later, she heard he’d walked off the force.      “He’s not gay. Who’s the client?” Daltrey asked and remembered how his big moustache had felt on her pussy oh so many years ago.      “A guy by the name of Sebastian String and his business partner Mazzi Hegan own the apartment you were snooping around in.” He tapped his finger on Dan’s photo. “Looks like after you left, your ex stuck around and had a bit of fun, living it up and driving around in the guy’s Ferrari.”      Daltrey’s heart almost stopped. She could feel the blood rush from her stomach. “And have you spoken to this Mazzi Hegan?”      Chendrill nodded. “Yep, today. Why?”      Daltrey rolled her eyes. She’d never felt so embarrassed. Fuck, fuck, that fucking fuckhead Dan, she thought. He must have stolen the spare keys that were in the drawer before she kicked him out. Nervously, she rubbed her fingers through her long hair. She leaned forward and spoke quietly. “Listen, there was a body found burned two nights ago out on False Creek. It hasn’t been identified yet. I had been pretty certain it was this Mazzi Hegan you’re talking about.”      A certain part of Chendrill wished it was. Smiling, he looked at Daltrey and shook his head. “No, but if the condescending prick keeps talking down to me the way he does, he could be a good future candidate.”      
