Dan was scared to go outside now, after seeing the guy in the turban for the sixth time walking up and down the street armed with his field hockey stick. There was a whole box of fresh bagels and iced buns on the kitchen counter. He sliced two bagels, covered them in strawberry jam, licked the knife clean, and stuck it back into the jar, crammed the last two iced buns into his mouth and had just plopped the last bagel into the toaster when he heard a knock at the door.      Who the fuck is this? he thought, sneaking a look through a window and relieved to see Charles Chuck Chendrill standing outside in his bright Hawaiian shirt and deck shoes and not the taxi driver with the turban. The man waiting out there, all hair and moustache, like so many idiots before him, coming around and sniffing about in the hope they could screw his mum.      Dan walked to the front door and, not bothering to open it, called through the mail slot. “She’s not in…she’s getting her muff waxed.”      That’ll do it, he thought. That’ll get rid of the loser.      But Chendrill didn’t flinch and said right back, “Well, all I can say is from the photos I’ve seen of you in those silver underpants, you’d better go join her.”      Dan put the chain on, opened the door, and looked out through the crack. “What photos?”      Chendrill looked back at the guy with a broken nose hiding behind the door and smiled. “The ones of you rolling around naked in some gay guy’s bed.”******Chendrill sat in the restaurant and watched Dan eat. All he’d said to him to get him there was, “I’ll take you for a burger, and you can eat whatever you want if you come and hear me out.” And all that Dan had wanted was the Big Mac and fries he’d been craving since he’d gotten home and found himself held siege by the crazy taxi driver in the turban.      Dan watched as Chendrill stared at himself in the mirror and said to him, “Mirror, mirror on the wall, you should spend the night hanging out in Mazzi Hegan’s walk-in wardrobe. You’d like it in there.”      Chendrill looked over to him, the prick, and laughed. He was right, though. He was vain, and he knew it. But what the fuck. There was something about this kid he liked, although he couldn’t as yet put his finger on it. Maybe it was his rawness, his openness—or maybe it was just that he was such a cheeky fucker. He looked over to the counter and saw Melissa standing at the till, showing her teeth like they’d told her to do during her weeklong training. He looked back over at Dan and said, “Your girlfriend’s here.”      Dan looked up at him and then to the counter and saw Melissa serving up a portion of fries. With a mouth full of burger, he asked, “How the fuck did you know I know her?”      Chendrill laughed and said, “I saw footage of her this morning getting in and out of an elevator. She was quite distressed when she passed your boyfriend in the lobby a minute before he found you in his bed.”      Dan looked at Melissa and then at everyone else behind the counter. To him, they all looked the same, even the guys. How the hell had this guy spotted her among the other dozen people running around making shakes? Especially when all he had to go on was a tiny image from an elevator camera. “How’d you pick her out of that bunch of lookalikes, from a low-resolution CCTV camera picture and not a closed-circuit, digital, high-def, photographic-based system?” He liked the way that one sounded, flowing off his lips like it had and sounding cool.       Chendrill stared at him for a moment and said, “It’s what I do. So how do you know so much about digital imagery?”      Dan smirked and then took another hit on his shake. “It’s what I do,” he mimicked. “I’m into electronics research and development.”      Chendrill stared at him for a moment, working him out. Then, as he caught sight of himself in another mirror he’d not noticed before, he said, “By the looks of where you’re living, you’re not too good at it then.”      He wasn’t half wrong. Dan knew he could do more these days to apply this talent he had, but God, it just was way too much effort, and lately he could only get so far reading up on science before he switched it out for a titty site. But he’d known true genius lay within him, and when the real motivation was there, it had taken only an afternoon of research and some detailed plans taken from the Internet to put together the infrared electronic device he’d given to Daltrey.      Dan stared back at Chendrill for a second, then said, “It’s still early, but I can tell you that one day you’ll be saying, ‘You know, I met that kid once.’”      Chendrill nodded. “You mean, like the same as if I’d once sat and watched Bill Gates stuff his face with a Big Mac?”      Dan nodded. “Kind of.”      Chendrill sat back and grinned at the kid with tomato ketchup around his mouth and said, “Well, from what I know, the guys out there who have made billions from being just a bit technically smarter with electronics or computer systems than the next guy don’t usually have to be tracked down by the likes of me because they get caught wearing another man’s underpants.”      Dan came right back at him. “How do you know?”      And Dan was right. He didn’t know, so he just said, “You’re right. I don’t. So I wish you well, but if you keep stuffing your face with that shit, I’ll be saying you know, I knew that fat bastard when he used to live with his mum.”      Dan shook his head. Not him, no chance. “That’s not going to happen. It can’t. You see, I’m blessed with a gene that won’t allow my body to put on weight.”      “That’s not a gene—it’s called worms.”      Ignoring him, Dan reached down and scooped up a handful of fries. He put them in what was left of his burger bun and swallowed the lot. “Same as my mum,” he said. “You should see her. She’s hot. Not an ounce of fat on her…never has been.”      Chendrill stared at this skinny kid with a broken nose who was living in his mother’s basement and was going to get rich from electronics. “Maybe you and your mum should patent that gene of yours, and then you’d really will be rich.”      With a smirk, Dan added, “And you can be my first customer.”******Daltrey was annoyed at herself and at the same time quite pleased. She’d gotten it wrong with Mazzi Hegan, but only half wrong. She was wrong about his shoes, but the shoes had not been her only line of inquiry, and things were moving forward.      It was the other one she had a feeling that was going to pay off, and deep down she knew she was on to something. At least, though, the matter with Mazzi Hegan was now cleared up, unless, of course, Dan had stirred up more trouble than the small infrared electronic device he’d made her was worth.      She now had the names of the girl in the hospital and her husband, and she had seen the way the girl’s eyes had shifted slightly when she’d mentioned the body burned to death out on the creek, even if it wasn’t Mazzi Hegan. Arriving back at her office, she sat down at her desk and typed in Dennis Willis’s name, then Alla Bragin’s. Nothing came through that she didn’t already know. She typed in burn victims, and the page flooded with results—people burned accidentally, others due to arson, accidental kitchen fires, one man burned to death in an alley in Vancouver’s Eastside, another young male burned to death and his fiancée badly injured after a fire at an address in West Vancouver, and a family home destroyed by faulty wiring in Delta.      Daltrey sat back, trying to remember them all. The guy in the alley was definitely murdered. There had been a friend of a friend whose daughter babysat the same guy when he was just a kid, years before he went bad and ended up getting himself killed. Almost a year ago, she’d seen a picture of the other guy, the student, on the front page of The Province the day after he’d died.      She closed the computer and sat back in her chair. Somehow the body in the boat was linked to Alla Bragin, now Alla Willis, the Russian whore who liked to spend the realtor’s money now all her husband’s was gone. The connection had to be there. But she had also been certain of a connection with Mazzi Hegan, and look what had happened with him and then Dan—the fucking prick.      Enough was enough. It was time to call it a day. Daltrey got up, walked down to the car park, and got in her car. She was going to go home, take a bath, then maybe go out and have a night on the town for once. Get herself a little drunk and try to find the butch lesbian she’d met once before to see if she could try to relive the memories the pictures she’d found of Patrick had stirred up in her.      The woman was wild, and she’d liked that. She rode a motorbike all year when most of the pussy men put theirs to bed as soon as the rains started. She’d been sitting alone on a wall by the art gallery when the woman had approached, and Daltrey could smell her leather jacket as she moved in closer, staring and smiling in a teasing way, telling Daltrey straight up she was cute and should try it with a girl. Then they were off for a beer and, after that, back to the woman’s place where the woman had fucked her hard, grinding her pussy against Daltrey’s and sucking her breasts until she came. Then she’d brought out the toys.       Within twenty minutes, Daltrey was back standing on the seawall below Alla’s apartment block, staring out across the creek where the mysterious body had been burned only three nights prior. She looked up at the window where Alla must have been watching the rowboat on fire and wondered how many times Patrick had allowed himself to be hammered away on, up there in Alla’s love den.      She looked toward Patrick’s place and counted the floors until she found his apartment. He was in, the kinky bastard, and probably up to no good right now, no doubt looking into some other pussy parlor willing to give him what he needed. At least he had a sex life, which was more than she had, she thought, even if his was a perversely strange one.      Daltrey turned back around to Alla’s place and noticed the curtains had changed. She stared for a moment, trying to remember if she’d seen it when she’d arrived. For a moment, she wondered if she’d been looking at the wrong place altogether, but no, she hadn’t. Quickly, she walked along the seawall, trying to get a better look inside. No good—all she could see was the ceiling and the top of a chair by the window.      The first thing Patrick thought when he got the call was that the hot cop had fallen for him and wanted to have sex. Maybe, though, he thought, as he whipped himself in and out the shower and wacked on a touch of cologne, she’d found a place she wanted to buy and needed him to broker the deal. Either one was fine with him.      As soon as he opened the door, the first thing she said to him as she smelled the Clive Christian which still hadn’t dried was, “You got a telescope?” And then, marching uninvited along the corridor until she reached the living room window, she followed it up with “And don’t get any kinky ideas!”      Patrick looked confused. Following her in, he said, “May I ask why you need a telescope?”      Daltrey turned to him and glanced around. He had a nice place. Really nice. She said, “Because I want to look into your girlfriend’s apartment.”      Saying it to him just like that, as if it was her God-given right to be wherever she wanted to be.      Patrick was quiet for a second and then said, “I’ve got people coming over.”      Daltrey looked at him and tilted her head slightly. Patrick got her meaning.      “No, my mother,” he said. “But I do have one in the bedroom that I use to look at the boats.”      Of course you do, Patrick, Daltrey thought as she now walked uninvited toward his bedroom.      She entered the room and saw the high-powered telescope sitting next to Patrick’s bed, pointing toward the condo building opposite. Quickly, she turned to him and asked, “Can you line it up on your girlfriend’s place?”      Patrick walked over and fiddled with the telescope. “I had it in here because I was cleaning it.”      Daltrey took over and a second later had a crystal clear view right into Alla’s apartment and bedroom. Taking her eye away from the scope, she looked at Patrick. “This thing is good.”      “You should see the moon.”      “Yeah right, like you’ve been looking for cheese, Patrick.”      He moved in nearer and sat on the bed, a little too close.       She took her eye away from the scope and looked at him. “Fuck off, Patrick,” she said.      Patrick stood again and said, “I think she’s still in the hospital.”      “You call her?” Daltrey asked, remembering the curt nurse telling her there was a man who kept calling. “Did you go see her?”      He hadn’t. “I was going to go in the morning. I’ve been very busy. You know how it gets. I’ve ordered flowers, though.”      Good, maybe her husband Dennis can help you arrange them, Daltrey thought as she looked through the telescope. A shadow passed along the wall in the hallway in Alla’s apartment, and a man appeared from what could only be the bathroom. He was young, maybe in his thirties, and was wearing track pants and a top. Daltrey asked, “Who’s this guy?”      And without even looking through the scope, Patrick answered, “Her brother. She hates him.”
      