It was a quick double back, up and around the stadiums, to reach the Balmoral Hotel on Hastings Street on Vancouver’s east side. Sitting at the bar, Illya ordered a beer and stared at the row of optics lined up in front of him.      The girl on the slots, however pretty, had picked him up outside on the seawall. Then there was the kid waiting outside way over by the road who had followed him, but seemed to be more interested in his phone. Cops? They certainly didn’t look the part, but he definitely couldn’t write it off.      As soon as he’d gone back to her apartment, he’d gotten that paranoid feeling that someone was on to him, following him. If it was real, then his sister had to be involved somehow, the fucking whore. Where the fuck was she? Taking a deep breath, he shook it off. Fuck her, he’d start from scratch. Keep the contacts open and find a new girl.      He looked around. The guy in the long coat with matted hair and dirty nails wasn’t there. If he got some of that Rohypnol roofie shit they sold around here and some heroin, then maybe he could get started within a week and be back in business.      He looked through the window to the street. No one following him now that he could see. No pretty little thing or her boyfriend who was addicted to his phone. Just a sidewalk covered with the homeless and losers strung out on crack. Fuck, it was pitiful here. You didn’t have this in Russia, he thought. What the police didn’t sort out, the winters did.      It had been a long time since his first day here when he’d wandered around the area after waking up on the beach and putting his almost dry clothes back on. He’d walked through the park, not knowing where to go. He’d found the edge of town, lifted some food and a lighter and a couple of long, slim cans of hairspray from a store, and after an hour spreading the nozzles, he’d set off, drifting east until he found the cash he needed sitting in the pockets of a drug dealer working an alley two blocks from the police station on Main Street.      The guy had stood there with an attitude, dirt on his hands, hunched up under his hoodie, speaking to him in a language Illya could barely comprehend. His spotter across the road watching, smoking a cigarette and looking down at the ground, his eyes glancing up toward them as Illya had simply said, “Give.”      The dealer was unsure for a moment, trying to be cool. Then he’d answered, “Give what?”      “Money!” Illya had answered, and before the guy could tell him to fuck off and pull whatever he was holding out of his pocket, Illya had blasted him in the face, blinding him with an explosion of flame that seemed to come from nowhere.      The dealer had gone down, screaming the way Illya’s victims always did, his hands clasping at eyes that could no longer see. Illya bending down, pulling the dealer’s wad of money from his pocket, putting it into his own without a care. Discarding the man’s heroin with his foot, he’d fired up again, holding up the can with a beautiful girl on its side that spat death, showing the man more mercy than he had ever shown the addicts he supplied on the street or the ones he’d befriended at the rehabilitation centers he hung around in, quietly enticing and tempting the weak trying to go clean with his poisoned nectar.      ******       Illya looked up as the guy in the long coat came in, his hair as matted and dirty as the last time he’d seen him, staring into nowhere through bloodshot eyes, passing his venom and disappearing again into the sea of desperation Hasting Street had become. An hour later, Illya was back at his new apartment that looked over the small city park, with enough heroin and Rohypnol to fell an elephant.       He sat down, put his brand new Nikes up on the leather sofa that wasn’t his, lit up another cigarette, and looked around at the latest furnished rental apartment he’d found on the Internet and paid three months’ rent for in advance. This time, telling the agent with the tight dress suit and fancy hair that because he was an actor working on a TV series shooting in town, he needed a furnished place to call his own for a while.      “The place is expensive, yes,” the agent had said, “but the furniture is Italian leather, and all the linens in the bedrooms are of the finest Egyptian cotton.”      Illya could’ve cared less. All he needed was a place to stay for a month to six weeks, and with the money he earned, it didn’t need to be a shithole. The more expensive the place, the less info they needed. All he had to do was guarantee he wouldn’t smoke, which was easy. He needed no references, just a lot of cash and bullshit, a production company address in town and another in Moscow along with a bank he’d found, and that was that.      It was the way he operated, moving all the time and never settling down long enough for people to notice. His only failing was the casino, but the people who went there only paid attention to their wallets. With Alla and her boyfriend now suddenly missing, and the kid on the phone possibly following him in the afternoon, he was glad he’d switched to the new place the same morning of the day he’d last seen Alla and her poncing blond boyfriend. The problem was he hadn’t told them, which in a way was better as now he was safe here in this expensive new apartment that was putting a dent in his cash reserves, with its view across the park and its Egyptian cotton sheets. A couple of whores was all he needed, he thought. New ones with long legs like his sister, girls who liked to be looked after properly and get fucked a lot. That was all he needed, Illya thought as he took another long pull on his cigarette and blew out the smoke across the room. Just another one or two new girls, and he’d be back on track.	******The evening was still warm as Illya left his fancy new pad, took a right up toward Granville, and crossed the road at the lights to avoid the cops chatting on the corner like fishermen’s wives. He carried along, the road loud now and busy, kids fresh out of school trying to look mature, walking to and fro as they moved from bars to clubs, high on dope, vodka spritzers, and whatever other shit was cheap enough to get them merry.      Four hours later, Illya was home again, leaning back on the off-white Italian leather sofa with his new Nikes up on the table and watching how the smoke from his cigarette dissipated along the ceiling as he blew another deep lungful up into the air. He was relaxed, the emergency over—for now anyway. He stared at the ceiling, the smoke like an art form, arriving at each corner of the room at exactly the same time.      Maybe he should get the girl he’d brought back to clean up the puke in the hallway when she came around. It was hers after all. Either that or he’d take his shoes off and do it himself later in his socks. She’d probably be too out of it to do anything for a while after having ingested such a huge hit of Rohypnol and the first taste of heroin he’d injected into her veins before popping out to pick up some milk and eggs from the all-night store on Davie.      He looked down at his new white Nike runners and twisted his left foot at the ankle so he could get a better look. They were cool—‘styling,’ as they liked to say here in this part of the world. Smiling, he spoke out loud the words the salesman had said to him in a language that still felt foreign. “Styling, man! Those are rad, dude.”      And they were rad, really rad—even if they did have the girl’s puke on them.      			******Dan walked the long way back to his home, keeping an eye out for the crazy taxi driver with the turban, he turned into the alley at the back of his mother’s house. His nose was still sore, and he was having difficulty breathing out of his left nostril. It wasn’t good, but hey, he had money coming because of it, so what the fuck!      He reached the gate at the back of the house and walked through it into the back garden. He’d promised his mother he’d cut it at the start of spring, but the lawn was now nearly two feet high. As soon as he opened the back door, she was on him.      “When are you going to cut the lawn like you promised? People are starting to sleep in it.”      Dan looked back at the grass. It was so long now he didn’t have a clue where to start. Seeing the flattened part his mum was talking about, he remembered lying naked in the grass the other night while the taxi driver patrolled the alley up and down looking for him.      His mother looked at him again and asked, “What have you done to your nose?”      Dan took a step back then went straight for the fridge, saying, “This gay guy hit me in the face with his man bag, and now he wants me to model for him.”      Taken aback, Tricia stared at her son in disbelief. “What?”      “Yeah, he says I look good.”      Tricia continued to stare a moment longer, then said, “And what else does he want?”      “He wants to give me a load of money.”      “How much?”      Stuffing a half-eaten piece of pizza into his mouth, Dan closed the fridge door. “I’m not sure,” he lied. “I’ve still got to do the math. It’s a lot, though, and I know that you and I’ll be eating out for a while.”      “Where? McDonald’s?”      Dan opened the fridge again, searching for more food and finding a Scotch egg. He closed the fridge and said, “What’s wrong with that?”      Tricia walked away. She’d heard it all before. The next thing he’d be telling her would be that the deal had fallen through, asking if he could borrow some cash so he could get the bus into town to meet someone who was going to give him a job. Same old, same old. Turning, she looked out the window to the garden and asked again, “When are you going to do the lawn?”      Placing some more food into his mouth, Dan looked back to her and, in a flash of brilliance to get her off his back, said, “If you see an East Indian guy wandering around here, he’s going to do it.”      He walked back down to his basement room and sat on the bed. My God, what a bizarre few days it had been, he thought, and it had all started because Daltrey had found a shoe. The old gay guy with the dog had said he was in for some cash, and if that was the case, he was definitely going straight out and treating his mum to a bigger fridge.      Dan lay back on the small bed that didn’t fit his feet when he stretched out and wished he was as good at math as he was at electronics. Somehow all the circuitry and diodes made perfect sense to him, and sometimes the math that went with it did also, but this was different. He was getting another twenty-five percent if he went on a boat. What boat? he thought. Fifty thousand Big Macs was a lot, though, so maybe he’d not only get his mum a bigger fridge, but get himself a bigger bed—and his mother a quieter one so he wouldn’t be awakened every other morning when the baker came over to unload his buns.
      