It was nearly a quarter to eleven that night when Daltrey finally left Patrick’s apartment and walked out to the road. He was alright, she thought. A bit kinky, yeah, but beyond that, he was okay. She had called and asked quite frankly if she could hang out in his bedroom again and had, of course, met no resistance. The four hours had passed quickly—four hours of listening to his incessant teasing and jokes as he plied her with food and drink while she waited, watching the road and the apartment opposite for something or someone—but no one had shown. Williams, the little prick, had lost him, told her he was a slippery one and had just vanished. That could happen, but the biggest problem was that Williams had told her the brother had stared right at him.      She walked along the road, the night air cooler now, and reached her car. Maybe, she thought, just maybe, if she went around to the biker woman’s house, she could just go up to the door and say, “I was passing by and thought it would be cool if you could show me how to do that thing you did to me the last time we were alone.” Or maybe she should just say nothing. But the woman was probably out of town or with another girl, tight like she was, someone she could grind and play with, making her come over and over just the way Daltrey had that night.      Daltrey unlocked the car and got in and was about to drive away when, in the distance, she saw the lights to Alla’s apartment come on. A minute later, having used her infrared key, she was banging on Patrick’s door. Another minute later, he answered in nothing but a robe. Without a word, Daltrey brushed past him and turned into the bedroom. Patrick, following, stood watching as she took hold of his telescope and sat on the edge of his bed.      Then, without shifting her eyes for a moment away from the apartment, Daltrey asked, “Why are you naked, Patrick?”       “I do live here. you know. I can wear what I like. Besides, I thought you were done.”      Not responding, Daltrey stared through the telescope at Illya as he began pulling a suitcase from the bedroom closet and filling it with Alla’s lingerie and clothes.       “I thought you were going to call when he showed up.”      “You think I’ve got nothing better to do all night than spy on other people’s apartments?”      Daltrey shot him a look. “Yeah, I’ve seen the photos.”      For a moment Patrick began to blush, but in a flash said, “Well, we’ve all done things, haven’t we?”      Daltrey turned to him for a second and smiled. He wasn’t wrong, and if the light hadn’t come on, maybe she would have plucked up enough courage to go knock on the biker woman’s door and do exactly the same thing. Looking at Patrick, she answered, “You think so?”      Nodding to her, Patrick moved across the room and stood at the bottom of the bed. “Don’t tell me it hasn’t crossed your mind. I’ve seen the way you look at me.”      Daltrey laughed and looked back into the high-powered telescope that Patrick used to watch the boats. He was right, and my God, if he only knew he had her pegged. It had been stuck in her mind, and she’d felt this aching in her groin from the moment she’d seen the photos of him taking it. After all, she hadn’t taken anything in a while from anyone. Lately, the only person brave enough to give her a shot was Dan, and that was never going to happen. But turning the tables and giving it to Patrick instead of it being the other way around with whomever she let pick her up could be fun.      Maybe, she thought, as she watched Illya wander about the apartment and pose in a full-length mirror. Why not? She may never even find the big biker woman, after all, and she liked Patrick, there was no doubt about that. He was a nice guy, not slimy like you’d first expect after seeing his face smiling back at you from the rear of every other bus that ran around Vancouver.      Daltrey looked over at him and, with a smirk, she said, “Because you’ve been so good to me, maybe I’ll come back later and bring my nightstick.” Raising her eyebrows, she stood and began to walk toward him. Stopping at his side, she whispered, “I bet you’d like that, wouldn’t you?”      Three minutes later, she was back outside, watching the lights in Alla’s apartment go off. Slowly sinking back along the road, she opened the front foyer door of the high-end condo across the street and sank down, tucking herself in behind one of the lobby chairs, hiding in the semi-darkness. From her position, she had him in her sights from either direction. No matter if he came out on foot or in a vehicle, it was an easy tail. Minutes later, he was there, popping out of the elevator, trailing a large suitcase behind him. He opened the door and stepped outside.      ******Patrick sat on the edge of his bed and watched as Illya reached the sidewalk and began slowly making his way along the street, pulling a suitcase behind him. From a distance away, Daltrey appeared out of the darkness and began to follow.      He pulled his eye away from the telescope and rubbed it for a second. He couldn’t believe his luck—this was more fun than researching a wealthy Asian businessman, stalking him for a week, then accidentally bumping into him in a coffee shop and talking him into buying a penthouse. Daltrey was sexy—goddamn it, she was—and a real life hot cop to boot. She’d sat in his bedroom all evening flirting with him, and then told him she was going to do him with her nightstick. Wow—Christmas had just come early! That would be hard to beat if it actually happened, and from the feeling he got and the look in her eyes when she’d offered it up as a joke, it quite easily could.      Grabbing his telescope and tripod, Patrick moved out of the bedroom, along the hall, and into his living room just in time to catch Illya moving along the darkness of the road and stopping to fiddle with one wheel of the suitcase at the top of the sloping entranceway to an underground car park.      Where the fuck was Daltrey? he wondered as he lifted his eye from the scope and scanned the darkness of the road. He looked back toward Illya as he reappeared without the suitcase from the car park’s entrance and walked quickly away up toward the main road, disappearing around the corner.      He worked the telescope back along the road, scanning the sidewalk, cars, and hedgerows. Then, as if by chance, he spotted Daltrey as she appeared from behind the rear of a van and began to move quickly along the other side of the street toward the main road, only briefly pausing to look at what Patrick could only presume was the suitcase Alla’s brother had left behind, out of sight, at the bottom of the gated entrance to the car park.      Pushing his eye to the scope, Patrick watched as Daltrey moved on. He adjusted the scope, focusing it in on her ass, then her feet, and then back to her waist. God, she was sexy. If she had a gun, he couldn’t see it, not in this dim light, and he certainly didn’t see one on her when she was sitting on the side of his bed.      He continued to watch as she reached the end of the road, then stopped and waited, hiding in a corner. Alla’s brother was out there somewhere—that was a certainty. She was looking for him without giving herself up, but by the looks of her body language, he was gone.      Patrick waited as a young girl passed and then watched as Daltrey turned and began to make her way back along the road, following the girl, and then vanished down the slope of the car park entranceway. Out of nowhere, from the darkness, Illya appeared, zipping across the top of the entranceway. He began to creep along the wall, disappearing into the shadows. Suddenly, a ball of flame washed a golden light across the dark walls of the entrance, and Daltrey ran out into the open, her hands desperately trying to extinguish the flames engulfing her face and body as Illya moved in fast from behind, lashing out with his feet, kicking her legs out from beneath her and sending Daltrey’s flaming body crashing to the concrete floor. Then he was on her like a flash, standing above her, squirting fire from both hands as Daltrey writhed in unbelievable agony below him until she went still.
      