Illya walked quietly along the side street, listening to the noise of the sirens in the distance drifting off into the night air. He was pissed—a wheel on the bottom of his sister’s suitcase had come loose and fallen off and holding it now at an angle to keep it moving straight was irritating his already aching wrist.      He reached the doorway to his new place and took the elevator up to the executive suite apartment where he had the girl, loaded with heroin, tied to the bed and held captive in the spare bedroom.      Illya looked at the spot where the wheel of the suitcase should be. What a waste of money, and it wasn’t even a knockoff. He was sure the dentist had probably forked out a good few hundred for it. There were two other matching suitcases—each with good wheels—in the wardrobe back at the apartment with the view of the creek. But how the fuck could he go back there now after leaving a body on the doorstep?      He reached into his pocket and pulled out the nearly empty can of compressed oil he’d used to kill the girl and gave the suitcase wheel a little squirt. He was lucky the wheel had broken as it had at the top of the ramp, because if it hadn’t, he wouldn’t have seen that woman again. Digging deeper into his pocket, he found the pin that linked the wheel and its casing all together and bent down to look at the problem. It was fixable, but he’d definitely need another pair of hands to get the pin to line up properly through the center of the wheel.      Dragging the case down the hallway of the apartment, Illya sat back down on the sofa and lit a cigarette. Fuck, what an evening it had been. That woman with the ponytail, whoever she was, not that it mattered, and then worst of all, the wheel of his sister’s suitcase coming right off and straining his right wrist, hurting it again.      Holding it with his left hand, he squeezed it tightly, digging the tips of his fingers deep into the joint. He felt a sensation of warm, soothing pain begin to spread down the length of his forearm like an old friend visiting and reminiscing, reminding him about the time a prick of a guard tried to remove his hand with a door.      It was bullshit, that woman following him and making him do that. If she hadn’t been snooping in the background, he could have just grabbed a taxi after the wheel broke and saved his wrist, but taxis kept records of fares picked up here and dropped off there, and that was no good. Walking quietly through the night with the suitcase had been definitely the best way to go; it had been a good way to relax, breathe the still night air in, and stop here and there for a break to watch and cover his ears as the police, fire trucks, and ambulances screamed by.      Still holding his wrist, Illya leaned back and took another drag from his cigarette. So who was that woman? he thought. First, he saw her relaxing on the seawall, then she was at the casino, and then he saw her sneaking around behind the cars back at the old place where Alla used to have guys fuck her. Coincidence? Maybe at first. She could have been a local, but a local wouldn’t have been following him along the road. No way. She had to be a cop or something, maybe immigration. She was one or the other, no doubt about it.      He pulled another can of pressurized lubricating oil from his pocket and gave it a shake. Holding his cigarette in front, he sent out a quick burst of flame and stared at it. The woman had taken the bait and gone down the car ramp too easily, like a mouse going for the cheese sitting on a spring-loaded trap, except Illya was the deathblow. He had appeared out of the darkness, hitting her with a vial of fuel and squirting burning oil all over her face and body.      Reaching down, he gave a tiny squirt of oil into the suitcase’s good wheel and gave it a spin. He looked at the broken one, then got up and walked to the spare bedroom and opened the door. The girl was there and still alive, albeit a little paler. She was pretty, Illya thought. Nice skin and lovely hair, even if it did have dried puke in it. Lifting her gently from the bed, Illya cut the cable ties from her wrists and sat her upright, the girl’s eyes rolling in her head as her mind struggled to regain consciousness.      “Hey beautiful, you need to wake up.”      The girl looked around the room, her pupils large like islands of black slate set in the blue of a crystalline lake.      “You need to wake up. Wake up! I need you to help me fix something.”      	******It was six in the morning when Belinda Johal, owner and operator of Belinda’s Limo Services, arrived proudly outside Dan’s house and began his usual wait for this week's hot model to appear. It was an easy gig for an East Indian guy fresh in from New Delhi whose backward English logo and slogan, Letting Belinda take you there, had caught Sebastian’s eye and thinking how novel it would be to have a female limo driver, Sebastian without the slightest idea Belinda was really a man from New Delhi with actual and not manufactured bad English had immediately signed him up for the executive limo service contract with Slave.      Now, though, Belinda was getting tired of the late night calls from Mazzi to take weird people home from his apartment or to simply park his car in a tight spot.      At six thirty, Belinda was out again and knocking at Dan’s door. A few minutes later, it opened, and a sleepy and confused Tricia stood looking out at the East Indian man.      “Hello?” she said.      Belinda stared at her, his grasp of the English language still so tenuous it was hard for him to get maybe fifty percent of what was being said at the best of times. “Dan is here for my pickup?” he asked.      Tricia looked at Belinda, wondering both why the lawn guy was here so early and why he was driving a shiny Mercedes. “Did Dan book you to do the lawn?”      “Yes.”      Tricia looked at the time. She had only gotten up because she thought it was the baker at the door. “Isn’t it a little early?”      Belinda nodded and smiled. He liked this woman. In fact, he liked all white-skinned Western women, except the ones around this city who dressed like men and seemed to hate him. This one was nice, and she was so beautiful. As he glanced at her hands, he noticed she had no wedding band and then imagined her on his arm, wearing a big white wedding dress, and all of his family around him, smiling and happy.      He looked around the house and then at the lawn that had not been cut for months and thought it would take him about a half hour to whip around with a pair of shears, and it would be done. It would be a good gesture, and from this, love would somehow blossom between them both. Looking up, Belinda smiled, revealing his huge white teeth, and asked, “I am able to come here later as gesture and cut your grass. Would you like this, madam?”      Tricia nodded. “Yes, please come back later.”      Tricia smiled politely and began to turn. It was so early, and the baker had not shown as she’d hoped. All she wanted to do now was sleep. As she was about to close the door, Belinda called out to her as he looked again at the travel memo and searched for Dan’s name.      “Please and thank you, I am needing Dan now. Can he come with me to Slave for the studio, please?      Then Tricia got it, all the cogs lining up at once in her tired brain. Turning around, she walked back in, along the corridor, then down the steep staircase that led to the door where her son lived and spent almost all his life, calling out as she drew closer, “Dan, get up! The guy’s here to do the lawn, but he has to drop you at the studio first.”******Dan sat in the back of the limousine, looking forward in a dazed state as Belinda watched him warily in the rear-view mirror.      “Are you on drugs?” he asked.      Dan looked back at him, bemused as to why he would be asked such a question.       “Why?”      “Because you are not wearing a shirt, my friend, and your nose, it is having bleeding.”      Dan reached up and dabbed his nose. The guy was right—it was. He looked at the man with his smiling white teeth, still trying to figure out why this East Indian guy had come around to do the lawn when he’d only mentioned it as a way of getting his mother off his back. He said, “I walked into a wall.”      By five after seven, they had arrived. Dan stepped out into the dark car park that lay to the side of the freshly built studio, hastily constructed from the remnants of a corrugated iron fencing company that had recently gone under. Wary, he looked back toward Belinda and asked, “What am I supposed to do now?”      Leaning forward, Belinda said, “Go inside through the door.”      Dan looked around. It was so dark he couldn’t see anything, let alone a door. Turning back toward the car, he asked, “Where is it? I can’t see it.”      Belinda stared at the kid, thinking that if he was going to be his stepson, he would have to deal with his drug addiction before he introduced him to his family. “You are wearing sunglasses for your eyes. This is why you are not seeing,” he said, his voice a mixture of bewilderment and sorrow.      Realizing he was still wearing the sunglasses he’d been wearing the night before, Dan reached up and pulled them off. He felt his nose, and fuck, it was still sore. No wonder he’d walked into the wall in a panic when his mother had woken him, screaming that the guy he’d told her was going to do the lawn was standing outside the door.      Squinting and wearing unlaced shoes with no socks, a baggy pair of jeans, no shirt, and with his sunglasses back on, Dan stepped inside the newly converted studio and took in all the activity. Why the hell were so many people working so fucking early in the morning? he thought. My God, it was just crazy. Couldn’t they have started at eleven instead? Then he heard his name. It was the voice he remembered from the night his nose had been broken.      “Dan, Dan! I love it! You’re late, but oh my God, wow! What a look!” Mazzi Hegan said as he marched over and grasped Dan’s hand. Looking him up and down, his eyes wide open, he said, “No need for wardrobe! No need for makeup! No need for catering!”      Having no clue as to what this gay guy was talking about, Dan said, “The guy said he was going to do the lawn.”      Mazzi stared at him for a moment, not quite understanding, then shook it off. He was too excited to worry about the small details, so all he said was, “Good, and remember—no food. It’ll make your stomach bulge.”      Seconds later, Dan was standing in front of a sofa full of people he had no clue about. The most important of them all stood and, holding out his hand, introduced himself.      “Dan, Malcolm Shart, chief vice President of advertising, BlueBoy—love your work.”      Dan smirked. If there was one thing he did know about, it was condoms. He’d used enough—on his own, that is, except for that time in the park, but the guide dog had fucked that up. Lifting up his sunglasses so he could see the man’s face properly, he said, “I love your work as well. You ever need a tester, I’m your man.”      Interrupting, Mazzi stepped in.      “Doesn’t he look sensational? Dan, today Malcolm has requested you double up and do a photo shoot with Marsha.”      “Love it,” Dan replied quickly, even though he had absolutely no clue who Marsha was or what they were talking about.      After two hours of waiting and no food or drink, Dan was on the stage surrounded by more green cloth than he had ever seen in life. The lights all around him were so unbelievably bright and fucking hot that it felt like summer. Looking over to Mazzi Hegan, who was now sitting on a chair, he called out, “Am I supposed to be in a field or something?”      Then he saw her staring at him. He knew her face from somewhere. She was the most beautiful girl he’d ever seen in his life. Her hair was long and wavy, and it looked as though all the beauty in this world had been condensed into her face to form perfection. She walked slowly toward him, her long legs seemingly flowing away from her incredible figure. Never taking her eyes from Dan’s, she held her assistant’s hand as she made her way up the short steps to the stage.      Breathing in her perfume as she reached him, Dan stared into her beautiful eyes and heard her whisper, “God, you're hot!”      Dan answered, “Yeah I am.” And he was—he was so hot his balls were starting to itch.      “Hi,” she said, leaning in some two inches from his face, her voice like velvet, and her aroma enveloping Dan’s every bodily sense. “I’m Marsha.”      Dan stared at her, for a moment unsure if he’d met her before, and then remembering he hadn’t had a bath or anything since blasting himself at Mazzi Hegan’s place. Beginning to worry if he was starting to smell, he said, “I’m Dan.”      Marsha leaned in again. “I know who you are, Dan. I’ve seen the photos.”      Then suddenly her robe was off, and except for the craziest pair of underwear he’d ever seen, she was naked next to him. Grabbing his head, Marsha puckered up her bright red lips and swiftly forced a kiss hard on Dan’s open mouth, as her hands simultaneously groped and stroked his sweaty body.      Pulling herself away, she stared into Dan’s eyes and gently licked the sweat from her fingers.       “God you’re hot,” she whispered. “I want you. God, I want you. Fuck me, Dan. I want you to fuck me.”      Dan’s nose hurt from the way this bombshell kept kissing it and wondered if it was beginning to bleed again in all the heat. He brought his hand up to it, checking, and then looked down at his crotch to see an erection so big that he thought if he didn’t blow any second, he’d pop the buttons off the front of his jeans.      Marsha moved in again, this time briefly kissing his neck before moving down to lick the sweat from Dan’s chest. Then in one long, swift movement, she drew herself back up from his chest, moved along his neck, and launched her tongue off his chin with the ferocity of a ski jumper.      “Oh my God —yes, yes!” Mazzi Hegan screamed as Dan looked down and noticed for the first time that there was actually a camera. “That was just fantastic!”      Dan looked to Marsha, her eyes still smoldering, and asked, “Are they filming us?”      But Marsha wasn’t listening and came at him again with torturous whispers, kisses, eye stares, and chest, leg, back, and stomach fondling which assailed Dan’s virgin senses. Then Marsha’s long, silky tongue probed deep within his left ear and he couldn’t take anymore, as all his resistance melted away and unloaded itself into Mazzi Hegan’s silver silk underpants which he’d been wearing since the weekend. With his right leg shaking Dan stood there with his eyes closed, as Marsha right on cue pulled her tongue from his ear and left the stage. Fuck, he thought as he opened his eyes again and looked discreetly at his crotch and then out to the crowd of technicians and production people to see if anyone had noticed.      Now that his body had let go after Marsha had oozed sex all over him, he was starving. He looked around the stage. Everyone here was eating—except him. This was bullshit. He called out to Mazzi or anyone that would listen, “Hey, can I get some food?”      Hearing this, Mazzi turned. “Oh, you can’t eat, Dan. We’ve got to keep your stomach flat. Two hours, and then you can eat.”      Dan looked around again at everyone eating sandwiches. Why the fuck not? he wondered. His stomach never got fat, even after he’d missed a meal and then eaten at Burger King right after slamming home two Big Macs and two large fries.      He called back to Mazzi as he delicately popped one of the pastries he’d had delivered earlier from his favorite bakery into his mouth. “What about Marsha?”      Mazzi wiped his mouth with a napkin and gently folded it into a tiny little square. Then he said, “Marsha doesn’t eat, darling. She’s a model. Now stick with it. We’ll get you some water, and Marsha’ll be back soon. In the meantime, we’re going to get a few close-ups.”      Fuck me! Dan thought. He’d had enough of standing up on this stupid platform, sandwiched in green like a hot dog in a lettuce sandwich. He wanted to go. He was hot and sticky, he’d come in his pants, and all he wanted to do now was tell them all to fuck off and get the fuck out of there and head straight to Mickey D’s for an Egg McMuffin.      Mazzi Hegan sat on his chair, watching and waiting. He had Dan up there now, and he’d gotten the beauty shots—the sexy stuff from that overpaid slut who barely had a nicer ass than him. The guys who liked that sort of thing would be happy. What he needed now, though, was a studio version of what he’d seen that night in his apartment block’s elevator. He needed Dan raw and desperate, like the caged animal he knew he could be. Starving him and cooking him up there in the lights on the stage for hours with just enough water to stop him from dying seemed to be working.      Standing, he walked over to the stage and called up to Dan. “Dan, you’re doing fantastic, baby, just fantastic. Now we’re going to bring in another model, and we’re going to do exactly the same action we did earlier.”      Dan reached down and picked up another bottle of water from the edge of the stage and poured it over his head. He was awake now. Marsha had certainly seen to that. Another model, he thought. Bring her on, but this time, he’d show her some moves, and it would be him doing the groping, kissing, and licking up of all the sweat. Then he saw the next model—and it was a guy.      Phillipe Tu La Monde strutted his stuff through the newly converted corrugated iron factory as though he were the top billing in Milan and made his way to the green screen stage. He felt good and sexy, and at the last moment, he’d decided he couldn’t come out of his trailer without covering his chest in glitter.      He reached the stage, blew Mazzi Hegan and Sebastian a kiss, draped his arms around Dan, kissed him on the lips and received a fist to his jaw so hard that when he hit the floor, he thought he’d lost every porcelain crown on his perfect white teeth.      Mazzi Hegan jumped straight off his chair, and the first words out of his mouth as he looked at his camera guy were, “Keep shooting!” This was perfect. He was almost there—Dan was about to break. The sheer volume of tension and confusion emanating from his whole being was incredible.      Phillipe Tu La Monde sat up and looked around, dazed and confused. Then he heard Dan talking to him from above and saw him pointing toward Mazzi Hegan. “If you want to kiss a guy,” he said, “go talk to him.”      Phillipe Tu La Monde looked over toward Mazzi Hegan, unable to believe what had just happened. He knew of Slave’s reputation and its ability to produce incredible photo campaigns, but my God, was this what it took? Confused and holding his jaw, he stood back up. “He just hit me!” he shouted to Mazzi Hegan.      Mazzi moved closer and called back to him in French. “Faites-le vous aimer!” Then in English. “Make him love you.”      Holding his jaw, Phillipe Tu La Monde looked back toward Dan. Dan’s body language said, Come near me, and I’ll kill you. Mazzi Hegan screamed out again, “Make him love you! Make him love you!”       Phillipe Tu La Monde stepped forward, giving Dan the look that had worked so often in all the gay clubs he’d ever been to. Dan stepped back, and Phillipe Tu La Monde moved forward. Dan stepped back again, closer to the edge of the small stage, and looked behind him to the string of glaring lights below. Phillipe Tu La Monde came closer, his soft, pampered, manicured hands scratching out like a tiger in the hot studio air. Snarling, his top lip now bigger from the punch than any amount of collagen injected into them could ever make it, he said to Dan, “I know you want me.”      Dan looked behind him. With all the lighting gear below, there was no room for him to jump.      Phillipe Tu La Monde continued to scratch the air. “You want to fuck me, don’t you, Dan?”      Dan answered as honestly as he ever had. “No—I want you to fuck off.”      “No, you don’t. I know you want me. You’re hard, Dan, you’re hard. I know you’re hard. Come to me, feel me, fuck me, Dan. Fuck me.”      That was it—he’d had enough. He could take no more. In an explosion of temper, Dan moved fast, collecting half the glitter from Phillipe Tu La Monde’s sweaty chest on his arm as he pushed past and headed toward the steps.       “Enough!” he screamed. “Enough of this fucking gay shit!”      Like lightning, Mazzi Hegan grabbed his camera and leaped onto the stage as Dan, angry and crazed stood trapped between him and Phillipe Tu La Monde at the edge of the stage.      
