It was around midday when Charles Chuck Chendrill got a hysterical call from Sebastian that there was an emergency. Dan had lost it during a photo shoot.      He pulled his car out onto the road and headed down Hastings toward the old corrugated steel factory. What on earth were these guys doing there anyway? And what could Dan have done to warrant bringing him in again at a thousand bucks a day?      Parking his car outside, he slammed the door, glancing at Mazzi Hegan's red Ferrari as he headed past the trucks toward the factory’s entranceway. Opening it, he felt the heat from the lights inside hit him as he stepped in and walked half-blinded along the old concrete factory floor. Stopping to grab a piece of ham and cheese pizza from a box on the service table, he headed in the direction of the green screen and spotted Mazzi Hegan at the front by the stage and Sebastian sitting quietly with his dog, watching.      The place had changed, he thought. What had once been a busy hub of activity was now nearly empty. He stopped by Sebastian and, still looking around, said, “I didn’t know this place had gone bust.”      The last time he’d been here was to arrest a Polish guy for the attempted murder of his mother-in-law, and when he’d met the woman after she’d gotten out of the hospital, he’d understood why.      Sebastian looked up at Chendrill and smiled. “Thank God you’re here, Chuck. The place just went crazy.”      Chendrill looked around. Crazy how? No one was doing anything. In fact, from what he could see, some of the technicians seemed to actually be asleep. He looked back down at Sebastian and said, “How?”      Sebastian moved his dog into a better position on his lap. “Mazzi’s guy totally lost it and punched out this model from Paris. I’m worried he’s going to come down here and attack me.”      “Why would he want to come at you?”      “I don’t know…people just do that sometimes. They go crazy. You were a cop…you should know.”      “Sounds like you need a bodyguard, not a private investigator.”      Sebastian scoffed. Waving his right arm in the air before putting it back on top of his dog, he said, “I’m not the bodyguard type, darling.”      Chendrill stared up at the stage with its walls of green. Mazzi Hegan was snapping away at a guy covered in oil and wearing a pair of bright silver underpants. “Is that Dan?” he asked.      Sebastian nodded as Dan turned and stared at a fat guy by the stage double-fisting a huge slice of pizza.      Chendrill laughed. “I didn’t recognize him.”      Sebastian nodded and smiled. “It’s Daniel. Bless him, I don’t think he knows what to think of it all. I’d like to say it’s been fun for him, but Mazzi’s been tormenting him all day.”      Chendrill smiled. When Sebastian had called and said it was an emergency, this was the last thing he’d expected.      “Mazzi brought in a slut to get him all worked up,” Sebastian continued, “and then sent in this gorgeous guy to mess with his head.”      Chendrill looked from Sebastian to Dan, who was still staring at the fat guy with the pizza.       “Now he’s starving him and using that fat guy actor he hired to torment him, and from the looks of things, he’s even got you involved.”      Chendrill looked down to the pizza in his hand, back to Sebastian, and then to the service table loaded with more boxes of pizza. “Why doesn’t he just walk over there and get a piece?”      “He can’t,” Sebastian answered, placing his hand on his chest. “Mazzi’s screwed his shoes to the floor.”      Smiling, Chendrill looked up and watched the frustration ooze out of Dan as the fat guy moved in closer and placed the pizza box just out of reach on the edge of the stage.      Sebastian lifted a bottle of water to his lips and took a drink. “We’re onto a good thing with this kid, Chuck, but I think he’s going to need looking after.”      Chendrill knew exactly what was coming, and he had no interest. “I’m not a babysitter, Sebastian,” he said, cutting him short. “It’s not what I do.”      Sebastian looked out across the stage at Mazzi Hegan snapping away, oblivious to the fact that Chendrill was even there. Smiling, he turned back to Chendrill and said, “You’ll be at full rate, and I’ll let you use Mazzi’s Ferrari.”      ******By eight in the evening, Chendrill was back sitting at Dan’s favorite table in McDonald’s, watching him as he slammed home a triple double-decker with fries.      “How come you get to use the Ferrari?” Dan asked.      Chendrill shrugged. “They like me.”      Dan lifted his burger to his lips, but before eating it, he looked at his feet and said, “You know he’s ruined my shoes!”      Chendrill laughed and stared back without speaking. Then he said, “Sebastian said you punched the guy out?”      Dan stuck the burger into his mouth and took a chunk, saying straight back with his mouth full, “Well, he shouldn’t have kissed me.”      “He was only acting—that’s what they do.”      Dan shook his head. “Let me tell you, he wasn’t acting, and neither was the first chick.”      “Really.”      Dan waited a second and then stuffed some more burger into his chops, followed by some fries. “Yeah, really.”      “You can tell?”      Dan nodded and stared at Chendrill. He could, there was no doubt about it.      “How? I’m telling you they’re acting.”      Dan shook his head. “She wasn’t acting.”      “How do you know?”      Dan smirked. “Because she asked me to come back to her hotel and fuck her.”      Chendrill stared at him and began to laugh. “Marsha? I-just-got-voted-the-sexiest-woman-in-the-world Marsha? She asked you back?”      Grinning, Dan nodded.      “When did she do that? When you were up on that stage?”      Dan nodded and raised his eyebrows again. “Up on the stage…and again at the end before she left, but there’s only one problem.”      Chendrill waited, then asked, “Which is?”      “She wants me to wear the silver underpants I stole from Mazzi Hegan while I’m doing it.”******      Chendrill drove Mazzi Hegan's red Ferrari along Burrard Street and swung a left into the Sutton Place Hotel.      “If you whip the clutch on a tight turn like that, you can get smoke off the back tires,” Dan said to him from the passenger seat as he pulled up. A doorman opened the car door, and Dan got out. Turning back to Chendrill, he said, “You going to wait? If she’s anything like she was on the stage, I could be back here in about two minutes.”      Chendrill nodded. He didn’t doubt it—he’d seen Marsha in magazines before. She was hot—not just hot hot, but real smoking hot—and if he was Dan, he would never have stopped off for a Big Mac and fries with a cheeseburger chaser before whipping over to her swanky hotel to do the deed.      He looked back up at Dan, now in a plain T-shirt and the same jeans and his shoes with screw holes in the heels that he’d been wearing when he’d been dragged out of his bed by his mum in the morning, and asked, “What about the silver underpants?”      Dan grinned. “I’ve still got them on.”      Chendrill laughed then said, “I’ve got things to do, so think of Margaret Thatcher and tell her she’s beautiful so I don’t have to come back and pick you up in ten minutes.”      					******Marsha was waiting in the bar with her assistant when he got there, and as soon as she saw him, she said, “You know you’ve got ketchup on your shirt?”      Dan looked down. She was right, and suddenly he was pissed at Chendrill because he was supposed to be looking after him. He said, “Be thankful I’ve got one on. I wasn’t wearing one this morning when they picked me up.”      Marsha looked at him, then back around the room. She was the center of attention and knew it. Now this hot guy with the broken nose was here with her, and everything about him said he couldn’t give a shit. Truth was, she’d been beginning to wonder if he was ever going to show at all. “You got lost, right?” she asked.       “No, I was hungry, so I went to a restaurant,” Dan answered as he took a seat at the bar right next to hers.      Marsha raised her eyes. “Really, you ate? Wow, what did you have?”      “Beef.”      “Really? That’s from a cow, right?” she asked and looked around the bar to see who was looking at her. It had been a while since she’d eaten beef, and when she had, she remembered wondering how the people who killed the things managed to get the cheese out. Then, remembering something a girl who’d wanted to wear her tight leggings to a club one night had said to her, she said, “What about that sickness you can get?”      Dan looked back at her and laughed. He knew exactly what she was talking about—he’d seen a documentary about mad cow disease while waiting at the vet’s with his mum after almost killing the neighbor’s cat while he was supposed to be looking after it.      He shook his head. Beef was not a problem for him. “I’m not concerned about it,” he replied.      Marsha looked around again and then at Dan’s broken nose, his chest, and his tight jeans. Staring Dan straight in the eyes, she asked, “So have you got them?”      And smiling back, Dan answered, “I’m wearing them.”      	******      The penthouse suite at the Sutton was nice, Dan thought, nicer than his basement suite at his mum’s, but not as nice as Mazzi Hegan’s suite in Yaletown a few blocks to the east. Dan walked around the place, looking at the paintings on the wall.      “Nice place,” he said.      “For today. I’ll be in London tomorrow, and there’s another fantastic place I stay when I’m there, right by the palace.” Then she said, “That’s a Money copy. A clothes designer I know in Milan has the original.”      Dan turned and said, “You mean Monet? My Mum’s got one just like it.”      “Yeah, Money, that’s what I said.”      Marsha smiled and moved herself closer, then closer still, saying, “You like to tease, don’t you?” Her lips touched his neck gently as she spoke. “Why don’t we go to my bedroom?”      She stood at the bottom of her bed and began to slowly take off her clothes. Dan watched as she seductively dropped each item, one by one, to the floor until there was nothing left to the imagination. Leaning back, Marsha sat down, then pulled herself up the bed and lay there, her breasts slightly hidden in the soft silk sheets. Looking back at Dan, she said, “Come to me.”      This was what she wanted—and seeing Dan in Mazzi Hegan's photo pitch material for the shoot was the only real reason she’d taken the condom job in the first place.      He leaned forward and climbed up along the bed that was bigger than his room. Kneeling at her feet, he stretched upward and began to take off his T-shirt.      Marsha stared at him and said, “Take off your jeans.”      He took them off and, now only in Mazzi Hegan’s silver underpants, climbed on top of Marsha’s naked body. She pulled his head down and began to kiss him hard, her tongue probing deep into his mouth and Dan’s into hers.      Gasping for air and breathing deeply, Marsha pulled away. “Have you been eating gherkins?” she asked.      He had, in fact. The triple-pounder with cheese had had a particularly large one, and it was beginning to repeat so much Dan could still taste it himself. He moved toward Marsha, slowly kissing her neck and licking her ears. He could feel himself growing even bigger now, stretching Mazzi Hegan's underpants to the limit.      Marsha called out to him and, grabbing his hand, moved it down to her crotch. “Touch me there.”      Dan moved his fingers, feeling the softness between her legs. As he kissed her neck, he could hear her breath drawing in and out as she became more and more excited.      Then she said, “No, there.”      Dan moved his hand.      Marsha spoke gently into his ear. “No, not there—there.”      Dan continued feeling her below.      She whispered to him again. “No…move it up a bit.”      Dan responded.      “No, not like that. Yes…no…no. Yes, move it like that—no, move it a bit over. No, not there, up a bit. No, down. There, yes! No, to the side. There, yes, there…like that, like that.”      Moving Dan’s head down, she guided his mouth gently to her soft breasts.      “Lick my nipple, my nipple, yes. Now the other one, yes. Now keep your hand moving down there—not there, not there, no…back where you were. Yes, now bite my other nipple and move your other hand a bit up to the other side.”      After twenty minutes had passed, and Dan’s hand, arm, mouth, neck, and tongue were about to have a seizure, Marsha pushed him away and said the words he’d been waiting to hear from a woman since he’d first seen a picture of her in one of his mother’s lingerie magazines and knocked one out to it when he was thirteen.      “Fuck me, Dan, fuck me.”      Dan pulled back as Marsha reached out, grabbed a complimentary BlueBoy from her bag, and stared up at him.      Dan hadn’t a clue, but whatever he’d been doing must have been working because this was it. He was in. He was there, and he was going to get it at last—and with the girl who’d just been voted the most beautiful woman on this planet.      Marsha leaned back and opened her legs. Dan climbed on top of her, trying his hardest to stop his body from shaking and having what had happened to him on stage happen again. He began to panic, but then he remembered the calm words of counsel Chendrill had passed on as he’d sat there in his blue Hawaiian shirt at the wheel of Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari, and in his mind, he began the only chant that could save him. Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher.      Dan let her image take over his subconscious and his mind. He repeated it over and over—Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher. Seeing her there before him with her bouffant hair and pokey face. Then out of the blue, just as he felt himself growing large enough to rupture the BlueBoy and felt Marsha guiding him into her, he said Chendrill’s mantra out loud.      “Margaret Thatcher, you’re so beautiful.”      Marsha froze and stopped what she was doing. “I’m sorry?”      Dan looked down at her as he hovered there above her, propped up on his elbows, his whole body shaking, Mazzi Hegan’s underpants halfway down his legs.      “Did you just call me Margaret Thatcher?”      Dan shook his head. “No.”      Moving away, Marsha began to push Dan off. “Yes, you did.” She moved, kicking Dan right off and spat out, “My name’s Marsha, okay? Marsh-aaaa. Not fucking Margaret, okay? No one calls me Margaret. I’m Marsha, Marrrrshaaa!”      And that was that.      
