Chapter SixteenRalph “The Thief” Ditcon knew he had a nickname, but had no idea why. In his eyes, his exemplary career as a detective was what any police officer in the world would be proud of. Truth was, on paper it was nothing less than an incredible record of thirty murder convictions. He had what was seen as an uncanny ability to step in and solve the crime of any investigation that other not-so-special policemen were stalled on.      As the news of Daltrey's terrible death rippled through the ranks of the Vancouver police force, Ralph Ditcon—now in his fifty-second year—had a crime to solve, and his incredible record and the powers that be deemed him the one man capable of getting to the bottom of it all and bringing the persons involved to justice.      Daltrey's apartment was clean and tidy, Ditcon thought as he wandered about the place, lifting her clothes. The curtains in the rooms were all pulled back to precisely the same width at either end of every window. All of her towels hung equally spaced, centered on each rail. There was not a speck of dirt anywhere in the place. He remembered her and the fantastic work she’d done putting together her first murder case against a suspect whose wife had disappeared while swimming off the beach at the Spanish Banks. After five weeks of sniffing and digging, Daltrey had found the woman in a shallow grave in the woods close to a cottage the couple had rented the year before, a hundred miles away. That’s when Ralph Ditcon had stepped in. Using his criminal judicial expertise and Daltrey's notes, he’d brought the case to a successful conclusion.      The next time Ralph “The Thief” Ditcon had stepped in to help wrap up a case involving the suspicious suicide of a young man in his early twenties, Daltrey had no notes.      “They’re up here,” she’d said, tapping the side of her head, and as she walked away, she’d smiled and called out, “Go ahead, finish. Once you’ve worked it all out, give me a call, and I’ll come in and help you with the arrest.”      Six months later, when Ralph “The Thief” Ditcon had gotten nowhere and taken some time off to sit with his toes in the sand on the beach of Salt Spring Island, Daltrey had stepped in and arrested the young man’s best friend. And from then on, that had been exactly how she’d rolled—on her own and with the jigsaw left undone till the last second.      It was late in the evening when Ditcon got his first lead. A call had come in from a local tow truck company that a car towed from the alley where Daltrey had been murdered had been stolen from their compound under suspicious circumstances. Obviously, something in the car had been important. Whoever it was had something to hide, and within two hours after a very upset and irate Mazzi Hegan had been pulled from his silk sheets, Ditcon had Chendrill sitting behind a desk, answering questions in an interrogation room and Chendrill wasn’t holding back.      “You are so far off base you may as well be in China.”      Ditcon stared at him, trying his hardest to look as though he was in control of the situation. “So why were you there?” he asked.      Chendrill smiled. God, this guy was stupid, he thought. If he didn’t have a case handed to him on a plate, he didn’t have a clue. “Why do you think I was there?”      “You were involved.”      Chendrill shook his head, laughed, and said, “I’m more involved than you are right now.”      “You’re telling me you’re investigating Daltrey’s death?”      “No, I’m telling you I’m not investigating her death, but from spending just ten minutes at the crime scene, I already know because you’ve got me here that I’m further down the road than the detective in charge of the case.”      Ralph stared at him, this smug prick who had left the force because he couldn’t handle it. “What makes you think that?” he asked.      “Because you’ve got me sitting here in this chair.”      “So why did you steal the car?”      “You can’t steal your own vehicle. They stole the car from me. I went and reclaimed it.”      Ralph “The Thief” Ditcon waited, wanting to pull a cigarette from his pocket and light one up, but remembering he’d quit smoking, then he said, “You need to start thinking about what trouble you could be in here,”       Chendrill sat back in the chair and stared back at this detective who did not have a clue. “The only person around here who’s in trouble is you, and that’s because you and I both know you don’t have a clue as to what you’re doing.”      ******      It was five in the morning when Chendrill stepped out of the police station on Main Street on Vancouver’s east side and heard the man’s voice as he passed by, asking him in a whisper if he wanted hash. The man’s face was tight and as wrinkled from the crack and crystal meth he’d forced through his system. God damn it, Chendrill thought. It was shameless, selling drugs right outside the police station. He looked along the street toward the homeless, lost souls on Hastings and began to walk. The man’s voice whispered still, trying to earn what he needed to get his next hit.      Only in Vancouver would you get that, Chendrill thought. He hated it. In fact, he hated the whole situation so much it had caused him to resign. How could you be a policeman and drive right past pimps, underage whores, and drug dealers spewing heroin and shit onto the streets from their alleys not more than a block from the police station where you worked? It was a hypocrisy he could no longer live with, but the moment he had walked, a sinking feeling had set in, a feeling he’d turned his back on the people who paid his wage to make what little difference he could with the means given.      He reached the end of the road and hailed a cab that smelled sweet from the sweat of the driver. Tired, he closed his eyes in the backseat. Another night wasted, just because he’d parked on a corner. Fuck me, what would they do in Italy? It would be big business for those guys. He looked over at a tow truck driver sitting opposite him at the light, his arm hanging from the window, huge rings pushing the fat away from his porky fingers. He laughed as he remembered the guy’s face as he’d whipped past him and spun the Ferrari out onto the road, just like Thomas Magnum would have done.      Fuck him. Fuck that guy who made a living stealing cars from hardworking people with real jobs—if you could call babysitting up-and-coming fashion models for a hundred an hour a real job.      Chendrill laughed quietly to himself as he sat in the back of the taxi and headed home. He wondered how Dan had got on with the supermodel and if he’d taken one for all the boys in the world who lived in their mum’s basement.      But all that was just nonsense, because his old friend and ex-lover whom he’d admired from afar was lying in the morgue, burned like a cure for a Sunday morning hangover, and the man assigned the task of finding out why couldn’t find a lost sock in the dryer, let alone a girl who was hiding a secret bigger than the private room Patrick was paying for at the Vancouver General Hospital. And with that thought, Chendrill, the ex-police detective who hated the police system and did his best to look like Magnum PI, knew that if he did not get to the bottom of it, no one would, and if that happened, it would follow him to the grave.
      