    Chapter SeventeenIllya stood next the girl and tried to wake her up. It had been almost forty-eight hours since he’d slipped the date rape drug into her drink in the busy bar and walked her back to his new place through the early evening crowds.      She wasn’t doing well. By now she should have been a little more responsive. He had been hoping to start selling her off within the week, but it wasn’t looking good. How could he sell her? Who would pay for a girl who just lay there with her eyes rolled back in her head and drooled? Some would, he knew, but those kind of perverted people weren’t welcome, and chances are he’d end up killing one of them anyway.      Gently, Illya picked the girl up by her arms and tried to walk her around the room. What the fuck was with the heroin he’d given her? he wondered. She should never have been this out of it. Illya reclined her in a chair, walked out to the kitchen, filled a glass of water, came back in, lifted her to a sitting position, and put the glass to her mouth.      “Come on, beautiful, have a drink.”      Working on instinct, the girl half-drank the water, her body taking what it could, the rest running down her cheeks and her front. Gently, Illya lay her back in the chair. He looked at her long legs and her destroyed party dress and knew he had work to do. Maybe it was a lost cause. Maybe her body was too innocent and fragile to take what he had coming for her. Maybe she would not make it at all and end up dying after being fucked too many times by one too many of the town’s businessmen sent his way by a concierge he kept happy in one of the hotels in town.      He walked out to the living room and through it to the balcony. Leaning on it, he looked at the park across the road—all sectioned out, its grass neatly cut, rubber on the ground beneath the swings to save the kids’ lives when they fell two feet, the dog park positioned to one side, fenced in and full of gravel to save the city workers from getting dog shit in the mower. You didn’t get that in Russia, Illya thought. All you had there was concrete, and you had to be quick and climb fast when a pack of stray dogs came running through.      It was good here. They had a good system, Illya thought as he finished his cigarette, flicked it out onto the pathway below, and made a decision. The girl thing was not working. It wasn’t worth the effort, and he should have learned that from the past. He needed a real whore, one he didn’t have to teach how to fuck. After all, he wasn’t offering a training program. He’d get a whore who was already set up, like he used to do back home, and he’d hit her until she submitted to his demands. Terrorize her until she gave him what he needed and make her work for a living like his father had at the docks—all day and night instead of just getting fucked once or twice a day in the afternoon or late in the evening after the bars closed.      He went back into the bedroom and picked up the girl from the chair. He walked her around the room three times, picked up her handbag, then walked her out the door into the elevator and down to the foyer. Holding her as he had the night he kidnapped her, he crossed the road to the park and placed her down on the newly cut grass, fifty feet from the playground. It was a good place for her to wake up, he thought. She’d come around, open her eyes, and the first thing she’d see was all the kids playing on the swings.      ******Dan woke up in the morning in his own bed in the basement to the sound of the East Indian taxi driver pacing up and down outside his window and the faint muffled noise of his mother having sex with the guy with the bread van who smelled of too much aftershave.      Fuck, Dan thought, how had the taxi driver found him? He thought he’d given up. Now he was outside pacing around like a Tamil tiger, carrying a pair of garden shears and waiting to strike.      Dan let out a deep breath and reached around along the side of his bed for some food, pushing aside the broomstick he’d been using to bang on the ceiling earlier when his mother’s lovemaking got too loud. He found an empty packet of chips, peeled the bag open, and began to drag out with his tongue what crumbs he could find at the bottom.      Above him, his mother was about to orgasm, and she was definitely acting. He’d been living below her for nearly two years and was beginning to be able to tell the difference. Soon there would be silence, then mumbling, and then movement. After a quick visit to the shitter, the guy would be out the front door, down the path, and straight into his van.      Dan threw the cleaned chip packet onto the floor and stared at the ceiling above him. How the hell had he blown it the night before with the girl who’d just been voted the sexiest woman in the world? How was he now laying here instead, listening to his mother being fucked by a baker who wore his trousers too tight? It was disgusting, his mother going at it and the strange way she always groaned. Reaching to the side of the bed, he grabbed the broomstick and, in frustration and protest, thumped its end over and over into the ceiling above.      What a waste of time yesterday had been, all that nonsense with Marsha and the gay guy. Then having his feet screwed to the floor—what the hell was that all about? Throwing the broomstick down, he stared at the ceiling and let out a long breath. So that was that. His modeling career had come and gone in one day. He’d arrived in a limo and gone home on the bus.      Dan listened to the noise of the footsteps upstairs passing over him. The toilet flushed, and on cue, the front door opened. Mr. Tight Pants appeared outside the basement window and passed by the taxi driver, who was now cutting the lawn.      Everything was getting so confusing. He had chicks throwing themselves at him, but his mum was getting more action than he was. Now the guy who had been trying to kill him only a couple of nights ago had found him and was cutting his lawn. He could have sworn he’d only told his mum about the taxi driver doing that in case she saw him and wondered why he was hanging around.      Turning back toward the ceiling, he called out to his mother above. “Did you arrange with that taxi driver to do the lawn?” He waited in silence for the reply, and when it didn’t come, he picked up the broom again and whaled on the ceiling. “Why do you keep seeing that baker guy?” he shouted. “If you need free bread and cakes, I’ll buy ’em for you. After all, I’m working now. Anyway, what’s the point in being with him if the first thing he does after he’s shot his bolt is look for his car keys?”      For a moment, there was silence upstairs, then movement, heavy and frenzied. Dan sat up and swung his legs off the bed, staring out the window at the morning sun hitting the long grass as Belinda cut away at it the way Dan was supposed to have done.      For the life of him, Dan just didn’t get it. Maybe his mum had seen him and had struck up a deal? Nonetheless, he certainly wasn’t going to complain. He stared out at Belinda, who was bent down and giving Dan the thumbs up through the sunken basement window.       It was confusing. Perhaps Chendrill had seen the taxi driver wandering about outside the house with his hockey stick. Maybe he’d spoken to him, and it was all good now? After all, that was Chendrill’s job.      He turned to stare at himself in the mirror leaning against the wall, its top cracked from a year before when he’d tried to walk to the bathroom with a garbage bin on his head. He looked at himself from the side, tensing his stomach. He looked good—had muscle in all the right places just like the guys he’d seen posing in ads.      Suddenly, his mother came rushing down the stairs and was in the hall on the other side of his basement bedroom door. “What are you doing home?” she shouted.      Releasing his pose, Dan stared at the door and watched his mother’s shadow moving as she paced back and forth. “I live here?” he answered.      “Not anymore you don’t. Didn’t I ask you to leave over a year ago?”      It was true. Dan remembered her telling him to get out the day she’d discovered him cleaning his toenails with her toothbrush.      He shrugged and thought about opening the door, but she had been known to attack. Instead, he said, “If you’re embarrassed about me hearing you with that loser, then don’t be with the man. You can do better.”       “I don’t see you dating any princesses,” his mother snapped back.      Dan laughed to himself, thinking about Marsha, and said, “If I told you, you wouldn’t believe me anyway.”      “You’re right there,” she said from behind the door, and then he heard her begin to walk away. 	       It was the way she had always been—the flare of a temper that was red hot, but cooled as quickly as Dan as a child could make it to his room and throw himself under the bed or into the wardrobe to hide.      Then, as she reached the top of the stairs, she said, “The only thing you’ve ever had a relationship with is your sock.”      Dan looked down at his feet as a surge of embarrassment swept over his body. She was right—using a sock had become a habit for him since he’d discovered that it felt good when the white stuff came out the end of his dick, thinking as kids often do, the secret was just his.      He took in a deep breath and then blew it out, looking up at the bang marks, old and new, on the ceiling as he heard his mother enter her room above. Fucking cow, he thought, being a bitch just because she couldn’t keep a man longer than it took him to blow his wad and run. Then looking down again, he said to himself quietly, “At least my socks stay with me.”      He looked back to the mirror again and felt his stomach begin to rumble. Daltrey was about the longest girlfriend he’d managed to keep so far, and that was only because she wanted the infrared door entry system he’d bragged about being able to make.      Had he fucked her? No. Had he even done anything sexual with her? No. Was she even a real girlfriend? Probably not, he thought. She had a nice ass, though. Yeah, she had a real nice ass, real nice. Soon the infrared system would falter, and she’d be back, saying, “Hey, Dan, how’s it going? What’re you up to?” the way she did. Then she’d meet him, and they’d have coffee or something, and she’d be all chummy, and then somewhere in among it all, she’d say, “Hey, you know that thing you made? Well, it doesn’t work anymore!”      And he’d say, “Well, go find some geek who’s just out of tech college and see if he has the chops to figure it out. Because I’m a male model now with Slave—you ever heard of them? They’ve got a contract with BlueBoy.”      She did have a nice ass, though, real nice. Oh yeah, it was nice. Real peachy, the way it stayed tight as she walked and stood out just the right amount. She looked so sexy in those jeans she wore that bunched up at the top of her boots and her nice pert little titties under her T-shirt.      	******An hour later, the garden was all done, and Belinda, turning down all offers of money from Tricia, had smiled, holding his hands together in a praying motion. With a shake of his head that could only mean he had done the chore out of the kindness of his heart, he smiled at her. Through teeth so brilliantly white from years of scrubbing them with fish oil and baking soda back in New Delhi, he said, “No, Miss Dan’s mother, it is an honor for me to take such a small part of my day to come here to be helping of you.”      Dan was standing in front of the mirror, looking at himself and tensing his stomach muscles when Charles Chuck Chendrill pulled up outside in Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari. They sat in the kitchen as Chendrill sipped a cup of tea that had been made for him by Dan’s mum. He looked down the hall over the cup’s rim, hoping she’d come back.      “You liked that, did you?”      Chendrill looked across to Dan, who sat there with a smirk, and said, “Liked what?”      “My mum.”      Chendrill smiled. Shit, was he that obvious? “Maybe,” he answered.      “I don’t see what guys see in her. There was an East Indian around here earlier cutting the lawn for free trying to get in her pants.”      Chendrill put his cup down on the table, careful not to leave a rim mark, and said, “That’s because she’s your mother.”      Dan stared at him for a moment, then laughed. “Wow, thanks. They teach you that at cop school?”      Chendrill nodded. The funny thing was that they did. It was all part of the human psychology course.      “I thought this East Indian was the same one who’d been looking for me since I did a runner from his cab the night I got into trouble with the gay guy at the camera place,” Dan said. “But then I realized it was the guy who picked me up yesterday at the crack of dawn and dragged me to that green warehouse.”      The whole revelation had come to him as he was pulling his sock off in the bedroom and he’d looked out the window again to see Belinda—and recognized him.      Chendrill stared at him, grinning. “And you couldn’t tell the difference between the two?”      Dan shook his head. “Didn’t help that I was wearing sunglasses. Besides, I only saw the backs of their heads.”      “How do you know they’re not the same then?”       Dan stood and walked to the window. “Because I’m intelligent.” He looked outside at Mazzi Hegan’s car then turned back to Chendrill and asked him again, “How’d you scam that?”      “All part of the incentive package offered by your two new friends.”      Dan nodded. “My mum’s looking at it now,” he said.      Chendrill frowned. “She likes cars, does she?”      Dan nodded and walked back over to sit down opposite Chendrill. “She likes Ferraris.”      Chendrill smiled. “Has she got a boyfriend?”      “There’s a guy comes sniffing around, and there’s the Indian guy who did the lawn who’s also sniffing, but he’ll not get anywhere.”      “I take it she doesn’t like Indian food then?” asked Chendrill as he took another sip of his drink.      Dan shook his head. “No. He’s fighting a lost cause. Hot and spicy is not her thing—it gives her the runs.”      Chendrill looked at the table a moment before saying, “You knew Daltrey?”       “Yeah, but you knew that.” Dan watched as Chendrill took a deep breath.       “I’m sorry to tell you,” Chendrill continued, “but she’s dead, Dan. She was murdered yesterday.”      Fuck me, Dan thought as a strange feeling of emptiness hit his body. He’d been thinking of her only an hour ago and had put one of the new fluffy socks he’d received for Christmas to use in the process. He looked up from the floor and over to Chendrill. “Murdered?”      Chendrill nodded. “It happens. Rarely, but it does happen. She was found burned to death two nights ago in the entranceway to a parking garage in Yaletown.”      Jesus, Dan thought, that had to be painful. A couple of years before, he’d decided to try and shave with a lighter rather than a razor, and his face had taken weeks to heal.      “Why?” Chendrill asked for him, and then said, “I don’t know, but I’ll find out and take it from there. She was watching someone in an apartment, one block down from where her body was found.”      Dan took a deep breath. Daltrey was the first person he’d known who had actually died, not counting the woman along the road whose budgie he’d killed through an open window with his pellet gun years ago.      “Last time I was with her, she was carrying around some guy’s shoe that was all burned.”      “At Mazzi Hegan's place?”      “Yeah, she thought it belonged to him.” Dan shook his head.      A door opened along the hallway, and Dan’s mum appeared and walked back into the kitchen. “I’m going downtown,” she said to Dan.      Chendrill looked to Dan’s mother, her hair combed back tight to her head and her eyes all made up.      Fixing some things on the counter, she looked to Chendrill and smiled.      “Is that your car?”      “It’s not mine,” Chendrill said and smiled back. “I get to drive it as a bonus for keeping your son out of trouble, and he’s in that now because he was supposed to be downtown first thing this morning.”      She looked at her son, ashen and sitting barefoot at the kitchen table. “What’s wrong with you? Is your nose still hurting?”      Charles Chuck Chendrill answered for Dan. “I can’t speak for your son’s nose, but I’m afraid I’ve just delivered some bad news about one of his girlfriends who was killed recently.”      Unsure whether she was more shocked that Dan had a girlfriend or that the one he’d had was now dead, Tricia walked over to the table and placed her hand upon her son’s shoulder. “Oh my God, that’s awful. I didn’t know you were seeing anyone, Daniel.”      “Well, there you go. I’m full of surprises,” Dan answered without looking up. “Don’t worry—it’s not like we were about to be getting married or anything,” he added.      Tricia took a deep breath, then looked at Chendrill and asked, “Is he involved in this?”******Still in shock, Dan sat at the back of the bus and watched his mother chatting and flirting with Chendrill in the front seat of Mazzi Hegan's red Ferrari as they followed behind. How had she swung that? he thought. The guy had been sent over to pick him up, and somehow he’d ended up on the bus.      He closed his eyes and thought of Daltrey. Fuck, she was dead—here one minute, gone the next. He looked away and stared into nothingness. Fuck. Jesus, he’d been about to call her to tell her to look out for his pictures, tell her all about how interesting this big thing—this campaign thing, whatever this thing the faggot with the dog had been going on about—was.      And what about the infrared door-opening device he’d made—and she likely still had—probably all twisted and melted if she’d left it in her pocket?      He took a deep breath and let it go. The poor girl. Dead, fucking dead. Never coming back. Never going to flirt and prick-tease him the way she’d liked to do. He’d never see her again. Never smell her hair, hear her laugh, catch her smile, stare at her ass. A surge of sorrow built and grew, slowly flooding his system from the pit of his stomach, rising and choking him as visions of Daltrey played over and over in his mind. The emotion inside welled up to the point where all that kept him from tears was the intense itching that was beginning to grow all around his balls.      ******      The first thing Mazzi Hegan said when Dan came into the office of Slave was, “You didn’t wear those trousers in my car, did you?”      Dan looked at him, his hair perfectly combed to one side so you could see the roots all stretched out with gel.      “Why, what’s wrong with them?”      “They’ve got jam on them, that’s what.”      Dan looked down and around the back of his trousers. He hadn’t had any jam since the day before yesterday and had only put these trousers on in a hurry when he’d seen the Ferrari pull up outside.      “Well, where’s Magnum PI?”      Dan laughed.      “We sent a car for you this morning. Where were you?”      Dan thought back to the East Indian guy, waiting for him outside and doing the lawn. “The guy in the turban? He was doing the lawn.”      Mazzi Hegan looked at him. What the fuck was he talking about, a guy in a turban doing the lawn? “Belinda?” he asked.      Dan didn’t have a clue what Hegan was talking about, but he said, “Yeah.”      “Belinda’s a woman. She doesn’t do landscaping, Dan. She does our pickups.” Frustrated, Mazzi Hegan took a deep breath. “Listen, kiddo, you could be the goddamn hottest guy in the world, but if you’re a no-show and a letdown, you’ll be going nowhere.”      Dan looked at a sexy girl who was staring at him with her ass parked behind the reception desk. Smiling, he raised one of his eyebrows. What the fuck was this gay guy going on about? Where was he supposed to be going? He couldn’t remember being told he was supposed to be anywhere this morning. “Where am I supposed to have been?” he asked.      Mazzi Hegan answered quickly, half turning and rolling his eyes to no one in particular. “The boat—on the boat! We had a whole crew there this morning at seven, and now they’re just sitting around. You’re costing us thousands of dollars! Where the fuck were you last night?”      “With Marsha,” Dan answered.      Mazzi stared at him in disbelief. There wasn’t much he could stand about that little slut except that straight guys seemed to adore her, and that made them pay attention to his work, but if she was the reason his day’s shooting was all fucked up, then the next time he talked to her, she’d be feeling his wrath.      Then Dan said, “And my girlfriend was murdered.”      Mazzi looked at Dan, startled. “I’m sorry…your girlfriend was murdered?”      “Yes, and I had to get the bus.”      Mazzi raised his hand in the air and then brought it down gently upon his head so as not to mess with the lines in his hair. “Oh, and which one of these two events was the primary reason for you fucking up our whole day?”      “The bus.”      “I thought Charles Chendrill was sent to pick you up.”      Dan nodded. “He did show up, but he’s taking my mum shopping.”      “In my car?” Mazzi Hegan spat back.      Dan nodded again.      “He’s got your mother in my car?”      “What’s wrong with that?”      Mazzi Hegan held back, the words white trash circling in his mind. “Nothing…there’s nothing wrong with your mother, okay?” He was tired from the shoot yesterday and then partying all night with Phillipe Tu La Monde after. Then there was the visit from the police, and going in again in the morning to finish on the boat with Dan, who’d not shown up because his girlfriend had just been murdered. Unbelievable nonsense. He took a deep breath and then said, “You need to concentrate more on being professional if you want to be a professional.”      Concentrate on what? Dan thought. Concentrate on getting licked by a guy who should have been born a girl? Concentrate on being starved and having your feet screwed to the floor with a drill? If that’s what being professional is, then he was doing just great.       Two minutes later, they were heading out to the marina in Coal Harbor in the back of Belinda’s Mercedes, listening to Mazzi talking to Belinda. “Will you please check with your boss, Belinda, and find out why she didn’t pick up Dan this morning?”      Belinda Johal listened, then looked back and said, “Belinda is a he and not a she, sir. She is not the boss. I am a he, Belinda is the boss. I wait for him, and I cut the lawn, sir.”      Mazzi Hegan sat there in the car, not quite knowing what to think. He looked over at Dan, who was shifting in his seat. His bollocks were itching, and he was unable to keep still. After staring for the longest time, Mazzi said, “What is it with you? You do the most peculiar things.”      Dan, desperate and dying to get his hand down his trousers to give himself a scratch, took his eyes off the road. He looked around to the man who thought he was peculiar, but had a painting of a guy taking one in the ass above his bed. “What?”      “You can’t keep still.”      “I’m excited. I can’t wait to get there and be professional.”      “Shame you didn’t feel that way this morning at six when your ride arrived. Then we wouldn’t have had a whole crew sitting around doing nothing all morning.”      Dan stared out the window, thinking. If you called eating and doing nothing working, then that just about summed up what he’d seen the crew doing yesterday. “Well,” he said, “from what I saw yesterday, I’m sure nothing has changed then.”      The car moved on through downtown—Mazzi Hegan in silence, Dan wondering why his balls itched so bad, and Belinda happy to be there and in love with Dan’s mum.      Pissed, Mazzi watched Dan out of the corner of his eye. God, this guy was such a prick, this fucking guy with his broken nose who was so fucking sexy and couldn’t keep still. He was right—the crew on his shoots did nothing more than eat, and it drove him crazy, but what could he do? He couldn’t do what they did, and he needed them there, but fuck, it drove him mad. Even an imbecilic prick like Dan could see he was being ripped off.      The car pulled up outside the gangplank to the marina, and in a flash, Mazzi Hegan was out the door. They reached the yacht and hurried up and along the gangplank onto its mahogany deck. The first thing Dan said as he saw everyone come to life around the staged area that had been set out for him to stand on—or be screwed down to—was, “I need to use the toilet.”       Dan sat down on the toilet of the massive yacht that had been rented for the sole purpose of making him look sexy and stared down at his pubic hair. Fuck, he was itching. He parted the hair just above his penis and looked at the skin. It was red, but no redder—and no more unwashed—than usual. Pulling up his scrotum, he leaned down and looked below.      Caught in the beam of a stage light blasting through the small porthole, he saw it. It was small, tiny in fact, and clinging to a solitary hair. Then, next to it, what could only be another louse moved down toward the warm darkness of the underside of his sweaty and rancid testicles.      “Hello? Dan, we’re ready for you!” said the sweet voice of a young girl from the other side of the lightweight door.      What the fuck was this? Dan thought. A bunch of insects had invaded his nuts, and they’d started eating him for lunch.      The girl called again, “Mr. Dan, we need you outside.”      Dan stood and bent down. Trying to see under his crotch, he lifted his leg, placing his foot up onto the sink.      The girl called again. “Mr. Hegan’s waiting for you outside.”      Dan looked to the door and said, “One second.”      Then he heard Mazzi Hegan’s voice. “Dan! What the fuck are you doing now?”      Dan stayed silent for a moment, then replied, “Hang on a minute—I think I’ve got crabs.”      “What!”      “I think I’ve got crabs.”      “Why do you think that?”      “Because they’re crawling all over my testicles.”      “Open the door!” Mazzi Hegan cried.      “I can’t. I need to go to the doctor,” Dan replied quickly.      “What about the photo shoot?”      “I can’t do it. I’m being eaten.”      “Open the door, Dan!”      “I can’t work today. I’ve got to go to the doctors.”      “Open the door, Dan,” Mazzi Hegan said again through the door.      “I can’t.”      “You can’t get to the doctors if you don’t open the door. Open it just a touch so I can see your face and let me talk to you. It’s important.”      Half pulling up his trousers and underpants, Dan unlatched the door, slid it back a bit, and looked outside as the enormous flash from Mazzi Hegan’s camera hit him square in the eyes, blinding him.      Like lightning, a big ugly grip leaned forward, stuck his arm in, and ripped the door open. Mazzi Hegan lifted his camera, and as Dan tried desperately to see and pull his trousers all the way up, Mazzi began bombarding him with a flashing strobe light, taking picture after picture.      		
      