Chapter EighteenCharles Chuck Chendrill dropped Dan’s mother off at the shopping mall and watched her wiggle her little ass through the main doors and disappear inside. She was sexy, he thought, real sexy, and from what he could tell, she liked him.      He put the Ferrari into first gear and pulled away slowly—without screeching like Magnum PI used to in the series—and thought back to the way she’d laughed at his jokes, played with her hair, and smiled while he talked with her over coffee and dodged the questions she’d quizzed him with about Dan’s girlfriend who’d just been killed.      She’d been a good mother as far as he could tell—good in the sense that her crazy son wasn’t into drugs and hadn’t been arrested, even though he didn’t have a job, until now that is.       “So you’re saying Dan’s a model?” she’d asked.      “Yep.”      “What does he model?”      Chendrill laughed, then said, “Underwear!”      “You’re joking, aren’t you?”      Chendrill shook his head and smiled. “Nope, I was there at the studio, and he looked styling.”      Tricia picked up her cup of coffee, took a sip, and stared at him, holding his gaze. “Well, I suppose he could get away with it. He’s pretty ripped. I always told him he should go out there and get going as a dancer.”      “Dancer?”      Tricia had put her cup down, answering with her eyes before saying, “You’d better believe it. He gets it from me. The next time Dan and I go out, maybe you should come. I’ll show you what I’m talking about.”      					******It was just about an hour later when the nurse came into Alla’s room and told her that the policewoman who’d been in to see her had been found burned to death in an alley. Alla’s stomach knotted up. It had to be Illya, she thought. She wished she’d pushed him in front of one of those huge trucks that came thundering along the road that led to Moscow when he’d first made her go up there as a teen. All she would have had to do was creep up behind him and give him one firm shove, and it would have been done. But she hadn’t.      She let out a huge breath and closed her eyes. God help her, she should have gotten away from Vancouver the moment she’d arrived, gone anywhere, just disappeared, but she hadn’t done that either, and now she couldn’t feel her legs.      ******            She’d had trouble from men all her life, and the only one who had ever been kind and showed her true love was the one she had shit on the most. Sergei loved her, yes, but he had been happy to send her off to have sex with strangers and then continue to freeload the way he did. Dennis, though, poor old Dennis, was still there for her, still the pillar of strength she needed, even though she’d destroyed him, bled him dry, then sat back to let her brother finish him off. The door clicked as the nurse left, plunging the room into a silence of deep, faraway murmurs that filtered through just enough to let Alla know where she was and that she was still injured.      Reaching out, Alla lifted the bedside phone and made a call. Seconds later, Dennis answered.      “Dennis, it’s Alla,” she said, then got straight to the point, her voice now almost childlike. “Do you still love me?”      Dennis stayed quiet on the end of the phone for a moment before answering. It had been a hard run for him, a fairy tale turned nightmare, and deep down in her heart, Alla knew that he knew the woman he loved was not altogether innocent in the making of it all. He took a deep breath, and through the earpiece, she heard the sadness in his voice.      “Alla, you could have done more.”      Alla began to cry again. “It was my brother, Dennis, destroying everything as he always has.”      Yes, she did exhaust his money bringing her blond photographer boyfriend over and buying him fifteen-hundred-dollar shoes and going to spas and partying, but she still loved him. She heard the door open and the nurse reenter, and she said quietly into the phone, “You know I still love you, Dennis.”      For a moment, she lay still, listening to her husband’s silence. Then she heard Chendrill’s voice say, “So who’s Dennis?”      					******      Charles Chuck Chendrill picked up a small chair from the corner of the room, set it next to the phone, and sat down. He asked again, “So who’s Dennis?”      Alla remained silent and looked to the door as Chendrill continued to make his huge presence felt, letting her know he was there and not going away.      “He’s not out there, and neither is Patrick. I’d say you have about a minute to start talking, or I’ll speak to someone and get you moved out of this fancy room and onto a secure ward.”      Alla asked quietly, “Who are you?” Her voice was soft and warm, but on the inside, she was terrified.       “A friend of Patrick’s,” Chendrill answered.       Alla smiled. “You’re here to help?”      He nodded. “Yes.”      Then Alla asked, “Are you a policeman?” Chendrill shook his head, and Alla asked again, “You’re not a police officer?”      “No.”      “But you are with Patrick?”      “Yes.”      “So you’re here to help?”      Chendrill nodded.      “Then why did you tell me you’d have me taken out of here?”      “Because you’re frustrating me, and I’m a busy man.”      This girl was already getting on his nerves, trying to appear all soft and gentle like a little newborn bunny. He took a deep breath and said, “The police officer who was working to find whoever assaulted you was killed a couple of nights ago.”      Alla stayed silent, staring up into Chendrill's eyes, then said, “I’m sorry to hear that.”      “So am I,” replied Chendrill. “Do you have any idea who may have done this to you or to my friend?”      Alla shook her head. “A man came to my apartment and hit me.”      “You’re saying one of the men who came to your apartment for sex hit you?”      Alla looked away from his face and down to the patterns on his shirt. She knew this guy with the moustache and hair and the loud Hawaiian shirt from somewhere. She’d seen him before, but not as a client. Those she always remembered. She looked back up to his face and said, “Think of it whichever way you would like to. He hit me, and now I’m here. Not all people out there are good.”      “And what did he look like?”      “I don’t know.”      “You don’t know?”      “Correct.”       “Was he a white guy, a black guy, a Latino guy, or maybe Asian? A mix, perhaps?” Chendrill persisted. He took a deep breath. “So what you’re saying is that you don’t want to tell me. Was it this Dennis then?”      Alla shook her head. “The man who hit me was Asian-looking.”      Chendrill stared at her, thinking. “What do you mean? He was half-European?”      Alla shook her head again. “No, he was Asian, but not from the Far East.”      “So who’s Dennis then? Your boyfriend?”      “Husband.”      Chendrill smiled, glad to be getting somewhere. “And does he know you’re here?”      “He’s been to visit me, yes.”      “And does he know what you’ve been doing for a living?”      Alla lay quiet, and her silence said it all.      Answering for her, Chendrill said, “I’ll take that as a no then. Patrick told me you had certain pictures of him that my friend found. Did you have any other pictures of him?”      Alla stared up at the man and wished for the life of her she could sit up. “I don’t know what pictures your friend found. I had some of us playing around together. They were going to be a surprise.”      “What, like a birthday surprise?”      Alla looked away. “Kind of.”      “And did you keep birthday surprises for any of your other clients?”      “There were no clients. Patrick and I, we were in love.”      “In love?”      “Yes—in love,” Alla snapped, wishing she could get up, stand by the bed, and tell this fuckhead where to go.      Chendrill leaned forward and whispered quietly into Alla’s ear. “Remember, I’m not a policeman—all I need to know is that you don’t have any other photos of Patrick.”      She claimed she didn’t and the only photos would have been the ones Daltrey found. But where were they now? Chendrill wondered as he pulled Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari into the fast lane of the highway and gunned it. And were there any more? he thought as he slipped the car down a gear and whipped past on the inside of a guy doing a hundred in the fast lane. Dan’s mum had liked it this morning when he’d done the same, and he’d liked the way her legs had squeezed together in the process, her jeans clinging tightly to her calves all the way down to her little shoes.      Daltrey had to have hidden the photos somewhere, if indeed she had them at all. Knowing her, they’d be in a safe deposit box, and the key would be hidden a long way away from her desk on Main Street.      Three people had been intentionally burned to death over the last couple of years, two within the last few days, Daltrey included. And she was linked somehow to the guy with the fancy shoes she’d found floating out on False Creek like an overdone piece of chicken.      He shifted gears again and moved Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari back into the fast lane, accelerating into the long, smooth bend that took him high up and onto the Port Mann Bridge. Ripping along under its long wires stretching hundreds of feet above him and reaching its crest, he hit the floor and gunned it down the other side, crossing the deep brown water of the Fraser River two hundred feet below in a matter of seconds.      Still going, Chendrill kept his foot to the floor and flew off the bridge and onto the clear, straight stretch of highway on the opposite side. This car was fine, he thought, as he passed all the seemingly stationary cars to his right. In a flash, he passed the next junction and then another, then some small road repair stations, and then a policeman standing on the shoulder holding a speed gun in his hand.      Chendrill glanced into the rear-view mirror at the policeman, now just a tiny blur behind. He looked back at the road ahead and then quickly at the speedometer, which read just under 300 kph. Shit!      Keeping his foot to the floor, he glanced in the mirror again. Nothing happening. No cars chasing him or lights flashing in the distance. He took the next exit and headed south toward the U.S. border, and then took a sharp right back toward Vancouver. He knew the procedure—by the time they’d reacted to the report that would come in, put their coffees down, and checked the cameras, they’d first estimate he’d be heading east and would be by now another ten miles or so in that direction. It was possible they’d start looking at cameras and data tapes—if they could be bothered—and if they did, there was a chance Mazzi Hegan was going to have a whole lot of talking to do.      The basement where Dennis Willis now lived looked decent enough and pretty much the sort of place in which Chendrill had found many a divorced man living, except Dennis Willis wasn’t divorced. He walked up the graveled drive, looking at the windows that needed painting, knocked on the door, and waited for Dennis to get off the sofa.      Chendrill liked Dennis from the moment they met. Maybe it was because his teeth were the shiniest things in the room or just the fact that he was one of a rare breed of person who were simply decent. The first thing he said to Chendrill as they sat at a table on old, ill-matched chairs by the window was, “If you think the chairs are bad, then you should see what’s under the tablecloth.”      Chendrill smiled and said, “The chairs are fine.” They were. In Chendrill’s mind, he could see nothing wrong with them, but he knew most women would moan.      Dennis said, “I think that almost everything in here is pulled together from someone else’s vision. I don’t think there’s a single piece of cutlery in the kitchen that matches.” He smiled and stared at the table. Then, looking up, he said, “Are you here about my wife?”      Chendrill nodded.      “Is she in trouble?”      Chendrill paused for a moment then said, “I’m not sure. Health-wise, yes, I don’t doubt it. Elsewhere, I can’t answer. I’m not the police—I work privately.”      Dennis smiled. “So how’s business in the world of private investigation?”      “Good, for now. I’ve got a couple of clients.”      Without hesitation, Dennis asked, “And they’re interested in me?”      Chendrill shook his head. “No one’s asking about you, and that goes for the people I’m working for. I’m here for myself and for an old friend who was talking to your wife the day before she died.”      Dennis closed his eyes and said, “I’m sorry for your friend.”      Chendrill nodded his thanks. “We weren’t close. In truth, I can’t really say she was a friend, but I liked her and respected her.”      “Her?”      “Yes. She was a cop. I knew her when I used to be one.”       “I used to be a dentist,” Dennis said. “You know what a dentist and a cop have in common?”       “What?” Chendrill asked.      “Everyone hates you until you get your teeth smashed in, and then they love you.”      Chendrill smiled. “Until they get the bill.”      Dennis nodded. “And I don’t get to send them out anymore. That’s one of the reasons I’m living down here.”      Chendrill looked around the basement suite. It was tidy enough, but there wasn’t a thing in there that didn’t look worn and tired, and Dennis fit right in. “I’m sure you’ve got your reasons,” he said.      Dennis stayed quiet for a moment, then said, “Yeah. But for the moment, though, till I get my license back, I’m a movie man. And when I get work, I sit most of the day on an apple box, then move stuff for other people who are making the kind of money I used to make.”      “I take it you and the wife are no longer living together?” Chendrill asked, stating the obvious.      Dennis took a deep breath. “Sadly, no. I lost my dental practice, and I became a different person, you know. I think I just wasn’t good to be around.”      Chendrill nodded. He could relate to that. He’d been a complete pig just after he’d quit the force, and it had taken him a while to settle down into a new life. He looked up and asked, “So she left?”      Dennis nodded. “She moved in with a friend.”      “Does she work?” Chendrill asked, already knowing the truth.      “Yes, she’s a hostess. You know…she’s pretty. She works at trade shows, that kind of thing.”      That kind of thing, Chendrill thought.      “But soon I’ll be staring into people’s mouths again for a living, and maybe she’ll come home.”      Fuck me, Chendrill thought and took a deep breath. If you only knew. Then he asked, “When did you last see her?”      Dennis smiled. “Recently…at the hospital.”      “Do you know who hurt her?”      Dennis shook his head. “Maybe a boyfriend I suppose, or maybe her brother.”      “She has a brother here?”      Without looking up, Dennis nodded. “Yes—but I didn’t tell the policewoman that when she came to tell me about Alla.”      “Why not?” Chendrill asked.      “Because I don’t think he’s supposed to be here, and I don’t want anything coming back on Alla.”      ******      Charles Chuck Chendrill drove along the outskirts of Surrey until he reached the highway and then headed back toward Vancouver. So Dennis, the nicest dentist in town, had been played. If he hadn’t known it before, then he certainly did now; after all, sometimes it’s not only pythons who wrap themselves around their prey before they eat them. But for some reason from what Chendrill could tell, Dennis still didn’t seem to care. They say love is blind, but who was he to talk? Where was the woman in his life? Who did he love, and most of all, who loved him as much as Dennis loved his beautiful wife, a whore lying in the hospital? The answer was obvious—no one.      Looking down, he checked his speed. Again, he was way over. Slowing down, he brought the car back to ninety, and it felt as though it was not moving at all. He checked his mirror and remembered himself gunning it earlier on the way out of town when he saw a police car way in the distance. He thought he’d leave the car parked in town tonight and maybe report it stolen. Say he’d left it in the morning, and now it was gone, taken on a 300 kph joyride on the highway by some crazy nut. That would nip that little problem in the bud.      He shifted the Ferrari down a gear and slipped in between two trucks as the police cruiser passed by. Just as it did, his phone rang. Slowing down further, Chendrill answered. It was a very irate Sebastian with another emergency.      “Chuck, your man’s been taken to the hospital. You’ll need to go pick him up.”       “Who’s my man?” Chendrill asked.      “Dan, of course. He’s at the hospital.”
      