Chapter NineteenDan sat in the waiting room of the STD clinic, an offshoot to the Vancouver General Hospital, and wondered what problems below the belt everyone else in the waiting area had going on. One thing was for certain—none of them were itching like he was. In his mind, some were so ugly he couldn’t imagine how they even managed to contract a disease in the first place.      Then he heard his name. “Dan Treedle?”      The nurse directed him along a short, sterile corridor to a little room. She was wondering what could possibly be wrong with the first person she’d ever seen brought into a sexually transmitted disease clinic by ambulance. Opening the door, she introduced him to a doctor with lenses in his glasses so thick Dan had no idea how the man could see at all.      “Hello, my name’s Dr. Samuelson. How can we help?”      Dan stood, then sat, then stood again and said, “I think I’ve got crabs.”      Dr. Samuelson stared at Dan’s face and said, “You look like you’ve been hit in the face.”      “Yeah, I was in this guy’s place the other day, and he hit me with his man bag and broke my nose.”       “Okay,” the doctor continued, “you need to get that looked at or you may develop serious respiratory problems. Now, you say you feel you’ve got some kind of lice?”      “Yeah, there’s definitely something running about down there.”      The doctor stepped back, pulled a pair of surgical gloves from the drawer, and put them on. “Well let’s take a look,” he said. “Please pull down your trousers and lie down on the bed.”      Embarrassed, Dan undid the tops of his jeans and pulled them down. He lay back, Mazzi Hegan’s underpants glistening in the bright, high-powered inspection light.      The doctor turned quickly, shielding his eyes from the glare. “My goodness! You’ll have to lose those, son, or I may never see again.”      Dan slipped the underpants down and away from the bright light, and the doctor leaned in and began carefully inspecting Dan’s pubic region. Digging down to the roots of his pubes, he pulled out a piece of breakfast cereal and held it up to the light.      “Oh, what do we have here?”      Dan looked at it closely and said, “It looks like a Cheerio.”      The doctor carefully placed the Cheerio in a metal bowl and went back in.      A thirty-year veteran of sexual health medicine, Dr. Samuelson had seen it all—until now. Reaching over to the counter, he grabbed a magnifying glass and looked closer.      Straining to look himself, Dan raised his head. “Can you see them?” he asked.      Without looking up, Dr. Samuel replied, “I see what looks like the residue from the bottom of a packet of Corn Flakes.”      Dan looked surprised. “I don’t like Corn Flakes.”      The doctor lifted Dan’s testicles and moved them to the side, looking more intently. “Seems to me you’ve got yourself a yeast infection mixed in with what looks to me like breakfast cereal. Could be the remnants of Corn Flakes. Maybe Frosties.”      That was it, Dan thought. The way his mother had been carrying on with this guy from the bakery every other day, it was no wonder he’d picked up something from her in the bathroom. That and the fact he’d had a huge pig-out on a couple of packets of breakfast cereal earlier then fell asleep with the bowl on his face.      Dr. Samuelson stepped back, turned off the light, and asked, “Have you been somewhere hot and sweaty?”      Dan nodded, remembering the heat from the lights in the stuffy studio the day before. “Yeah, they had me on this stage yesterday with my feet screwed to the floor.”      “Really? When did you last have a bath?”      Dan couldn’t remember at first, then he said, “I had one last Sunday at the guy’s place who hit me with the bag, except it was a shower if that counts.”      Dr. Samuelson lifted a clipboard. “When did you last have sex?”      Dan thought about it. That was a tough one. Shrugging his shoulders, he answered, “Last night.”      “Full penetrative sex?”      Dan sat up and began to pull up his trousers. “Not really,” he said.      Dr. Samuelson waited then asked, “That’s a no then?”      “Yes.”      “Did you have oral sex?”      “We were kissing.”      Dr. Samuelson ticked another box. “No again. Are you sexually active at the moment?”      “I’ve been with a few girls lately, but we didn’t go all the way, because with the first one, her guide dog bit me, and then the second one thought I was gay. The one last night didn’t like it when I called her Margaret Thatcher.”      Lowering his clipboard, Dr. Samuelson stared at him for a moment, then said, “Really? May I ask if you are gay?”      Dan shook his head. “No, I’m not. Actually, you might know the girl I was with last night—she’s that supermodel, Marsha.”      Dr. Samuelson stared at Dan a moment longer. This guy was priceless. He couldn’t wait to get back to the nurses’ station to tell them what he’d heard. Lowering his bottle glasses, he looked at Dan, his eyes sunken and red. “You were with some girl who looked like Marsha last night?”      “Yeah, I was with some girl who looked like Marsha last night, because she was Marsha. You can’t get much closer than that.”      “And you say you didn’t have full penetrative sex with this girl, but there could be a chance that your pubic area etcetera rubbed against hers?”      Dan nodded. “It did, but she doesn’t have a jungle down there like me. Hers is more like one of those landing strips the girls you seeon the telly late at night have.”      Dr. Samuelson nodded, not quite understanding. “But not full of food?”      Dan shook his head and said, “No, she’s a supermodel. She doesn’t eat.”      ******Mazzi Hegan sat in the boardroom and flipped through the stills he’d gotten of Dan in the toilet. Pissed off, Sebastian paced up and down behind him. He didn’t know what on earth was going on. No one had gotten back to him to tell him anything. The only information he’d received was secondhand from the girl in reception saying that Dan was seriously ill and being taken by ambulance to the hospital. Luckily, he’d managed to pass that on to Chendrill as soon as he’d answered his ruddy phone, and then, all worried, he’d walked into the boardroom and found Mazzi in there, his feet propped up on a table, eating cheese and drinking wine while looking at the stills of Dan struggling in the toilet of the yacht he’d just spent five thousand dollars to hire for the day.      Mazzi Hegan listened to his partner—who knew more about advertising and design than anyone he’d ever known—unload and waited until he’d finished. Then, looking up at him, he said, “Yeah, but have you seen these shots? They’re bloody good, though.”      They were. Sebastian couldn’t deny it. This guy was good. Nothing he produced ever looked staged. It always had such a raw element to it, something he’d only seen coming from frontline war photographers.      Mazzi Hegan looked at Sebastian with a smile and said, “Who needs a yacht when you can get shots like this?”      Sebastian leaned in to look at the crystal clear shot of Dan struggling in the toilet with his pants around his knees. The look of terror on his face was accentuated by the sharp movie light crashing through the window and exploding in his hair.      “You don’t get gold like that up on deck.”      “Why’s he look so worried?” Sebastian asked.       “He’s got crabs.”      Sebastian screwed up his face and said, “Eh?”      Mazzi looked up and said, “It’s okay—I called an ambulance.”      And he had—he had as soon as he had heard the stress in Dan’s voice, but not before he’d acted on instinct, getting the door open and aggressively shooting until he’d gotten what he needed. That’s what this advertising campaign was all about. It was about fear and desperation, not yachts and backgrounds and wind in your hair. It was about being raw and scared and frustrated and dirty.      Sebastian took a seat and called for his dog, who was rummaging around the floor looking for scraps. “Don’t you think an ambulance was a little overboard?” he asked.      Mazzi looked up from his computer. “He said he had crabs. What was I supposed to do?”      Sebastian closed his eyes and frowned. He’d caught them when he was a student working on a farm in Bavaria after a lederhosen night in the small town at the bottom of the mountain—and all he’d done was take himself through the sheep dip. “Come on, it’s hardly an emergency,” he said.      “For you, sitting here, it’s not! I mean, what did you expect me to do? I haven’t got a car, you know. You’ve commandeered it. How was I to know how infested he was?”      Sebastian looked at him. “You could have had Belinda take him. She’s always very helpful.”       “Belinda’s not here,” Mazzi snapped. “She’s got some dark guy with nice teeth driving for her.”      Sebastian smiled and said, “Well, good for her.” Then he asked, “Just how infested was he?”      “Well, he was very distressed.”      Sebastian got up again and walked to back to the computer. The reality of it was that as over the top as it was, it was a good thing what Mazzi had done, calling an ambulance and all. He was going out tonight and using Belinda, and he could do without any of Dan’s friends crawling all over the dog.      “There’s only one problem,” Mazzi said. “I may have mentioned in the heat of things that it was probably Marsha who gave them to him.”      	      
