Chapter TwentyStill pissed about the evening before and suffering from the rigors of a first-class flight all the way to London, Marsha arrived through the airport gate to screams from the paparazzi asking her if she had crabs.      Within an hour, she arrived exhausted in her suite at the Ritz and heard it again, this time from Gill Banton, her agent, who asked her straight out, “Word on the street is that you were rushed to the hospital in an ambulance with pubic lice?”      “What the fuck is going on?” Marsha said, suffering from dehydration and jet lag and not quite able to take it all in. “Well, there was this guy from Papua, New Guinea on a shoot the other day who left me a little sore, but he was so big, I couldn’t resist.”      Gill Banton was silent on the other end of the line.      Marsha flopped herself down on an enormous luxury sofa that looked out across Green Park toward Buckingham Palace and said, “I don’t even like crab. It’s really messy.”      “You need to be taking this a little more seriously.”      Marsha laughed. She spun herself around and stretched her legs into the air. Dropping her head, she looked at the view outside, upside down, and asked, “Does the Queen know I’m here?”       Gill waited, not bothering to even acknowledge such stupidity.      “Please let me know, has anyone told the Queen I’m here?” Marsha asked.       Realizing the question was never going to go away, her agent continued, “Yes, we informed the palace, and the Queen’s coming right over.” Then she asked Marsha again, “So you’re okay down there? You haven’t got anything?”      “No! But there’s still a problem, isn’t there?”      “Why?”      “Because I don’t like people thinking I’ve picked up a bunch of creepy crawlies that have found a new home around my crotch. It’s hardly good for my reputation. Are you going to sort this out?”      Gill took a deep breath. Sorting out this particular supermodel’s problems was her daily life—if it wasn’t crabs today, it would be that she thought she was pregnant tomorrow. “It’s being done as we speak,” she said.      				******Dan left the hospital and headed home on the bus, feeling relief in the knowledge that he had no pubic lice crawling around his groin, and it was only a yeast infection, which in his mind was crazy because he didn’t have a clue how to make a loaf of bread. He reached his mum’s house and walked in through the back door to find Chendrill standing in the kitchen talking to his mother. As he brushed past him and opened the fridge, he said, “I thought you were supposed to be looking after me, not my mum.”       “I am,” Chendrill said. “As soon as I found out you were in the hospital, I came straight here to see if she was okay and wanted to join me for dinner.”      Lifting a milk carton from the fridge, Dan poured a mouthful, swallowed, then said, “Well, I had to get the bus back from the hospital.”      “So what’s wrong with that?”      Wiping the milk from his chin, Dan stared at Chendrill. “I thought you were supposed to be looking after me?”      “I am. I’m keeping you grounded. The last thing Sebastian needs is for you to go getting yourself an ego.”      Confused, Tricia looked from Chendrill to her son and asked, “Dan, what’s wrong? Why were you at the hospital?”      Closing the fridge, Dan stared at his mother, then moved off, saying, “Because I’ve got a yeast infection.”      “How the hell did you get that?” his mother asked as she watched him walk away down the hallway toward the staircase that led to his room.      Dan disappeared down the staircase toward his room in the basement. Hitting the bottom step, he called up, “You tell me!”      ******Chendrill parked the Ferrari and then held Dan’s mother’s arm as he guided her down the steps to his favorite Italian restaurant in Gastown. Picking a table close to the window, they sat down.      “Well, this is a nice surprise,” Tricia said with a smile.      Chendrill nodded, smiling back. It had been a while since he’d been on a date, at least one with a woman worth pursuing. “It’s a nice surprise for me also,” he said. “It’s very good of your son’s new employer to give me an excuse to come over to make sure he’s okay.”      “Were you really supposed to pick him up?”      Chendrill smiled and nodded.      “Won’t you get in trouble?”      “I think they like rebels. That’s why they’ve hired Dan.”      They ordered their food, both having pasta and sharing a two-hundred-dollar bottle of Bordeaux.      Taking a sip, Tricia said, “This is lovely.”      Chendrill smiled again. “And so are you.”      Tricia blushed at this big guy with the fancy car coming on to her like this, making her feel special. “Thank you.”      Chendrill watched the way she played with her hair. Her eyes glanced up for just a moment as she gently brushed her tongue slightly against her front teeth and lips.      “This is the last thing I expected to be doing this evening,” she said.       “Same here, but I thought, you know, it would be nice to go out and meet the mother of the next big shot in electronic research and development.”      Tricia began to laugh, holding her hand gently across her mouth. “He told you that, did he?”      Chendrill nodded.      “Did he also tell you he was a genius?”      Chendrill nodded again and smiled. “Yep, said he was going to be big one day. And you never know—he could be.”      “You think so?”      “Maybe.”      Tricia stared into space for a moment and then, beginning to laugh, shook her head and said, “I don’t think that’s going to happen—unless they pay a lot for food tasters, and then he could work twenty-four seven.”      Chendrill reached over and pulled a breadstick from its glass holder. “I know…I’ve seen him eat.” Then he said, “You never know,” and took a bite of the bread.      “It’s true, you don’t. One of his teachers at school used to tell me he was a genius.”      “And was he hitting on you?”      Dropping her hand to the table, Tricia thought that one over for a moment. “No, I don’t think I was his type, if you know what I mean.”      Chendrill did, but looking at her sitting there before him with the soft light from behind catching her hair from the side, he couldn’t see how this woman could not be anyone’s type. Unless, of course, as she was hinting at, they played for the other team. He said, “May I ask about Dan’s father?”      Closing her eyes, Tricia nodded, then she looked at Chendrill and said, “To be honest, he was only in my life for a short time and then disappeared, like some people do. So I’d be lying if I said I knew him well. He was Croatian. I was young, and so was he. We were together, and then one day he was gone, and as a going away present, he left me with Daniel.”      Chendrill nodded, happy just listening to this attractive woman’s pureness and honesty.      “Funny thing is, though,” said Tricia, “I do remember him telling me about his crazy grandfather who was a known genius at a big university there. He used to say the man was nuts—couldn’t get himself dressed properly in the morning or have a serious conversation, but would go off in the morning and start working on a four-hundred-page math problem.”      
