Frustrated, Illya paced the living room of his new apartment and pulled another drag from his cigarette, blowing the smoke down over the leather sofa. Why he was so frustrated, he could not even figure out himself. After all, where was he now? Stuck in a seventeen-man cell in a shithole of a prison just outside Moscow? No! He was living in a luxury apartment in one of the most beautiful cities in the world and had thirty thousand dollars in cash sitting in his jacket pocket.      Illya took another drag on his cigarette and stared out the window, watching the smoke dissipate in a circular cloud as it hit the double-glazed glass sitting inches from his face. You need to have some fun, he told himself. Get out and stop worrying about this shit.      He left the apartment and walked out past the cultural center. Turning right onto Granville Street, he entered the first bar he came to, sat down, and ordered a beer. The place was busy and loud. A hockey game blasted out from the TVs above his head. He looked around and saw plenty of girls in the bar, some who were quality enough to turn into the kind of whore he could make decent money off of.      His beer came and, knocking it back, Illya immediately ordered another along with a whiskey—and then another. It was a good feeling—the way he’d felt in prison when he’d managed to extort vodka from a weaker inmate or a friend. He’d sit back on his bunk at night, slipping the bottle between his lips and thinking back to his mother and father. Thinking about his sister and how he’d terrorized any boyfriend who’d come to see her, all so he could stop her from getting loved up before it was time for her to go and work for him up on the road. After she’d done that for a while, boyfriends wouldn’t matter.      He ordered his fifth drink along with another chaser and looked around. Same people there—loud, smiling girls and some nice boys. He looked at one, picking him out of the crowd, his blond hair, long and unkempt, almost like a surfer but without the tan. Illya caught his eye then stared at him hard as the kid looked back, unsure what to do.      Illya looked back away from the kid, catching a glimpse of himself in a small, stained mirror above the till. He was there now, drinks on the table, big money sitting on the bar and bigger sitting in his pocket. He was the man, and as far as he was concerned, everyone around here knew it.      Slowly and with purpose, Illya pulled off his muscle shirt, exposing arms and shoulder blades covered in tattoos. The tats all beautifully drawn with purpose and skill in pen ink and ash, the blood rinsed away with rain water collected in a small, rusted tin that sat by the window of a damp cell inhabited by an artist with nothing but time on his hands and enough connected insanity to depict Illya’s life in pictures. Communist-built tower blocks and burning dogs, cats, and rats that ran up his arms. A gun inked across a shoulder blade. A man dead on a road that stretched across his shoulders, his body smoking as the rain fell around him. Beautiful women stood with his sister on his back, along with the prison, with bars and cells and alleys, and bodies that lay burning on a washroom floor.      He could feel them now, these Canadians with their bright smiles and perfect teeth all looking at him, their eyes burning into his flesh one moment, but averted when he looked their way. Illya, the gangster, sitting right there among these people who’d only ever shouted at someone when driving. He was the man.       Honing in, he stared at the kid again. His eyes burned a hole in the young man’s soul, intimidating him and letting him know he was his mark, and there was nothing he could do to get away from him, so he’d better submit.       Illya knew the feeling from his first year in the Vladimir Central Prison. Everyone there knew that as a teenager he had killed a gangster without pulling a gun, and no one gave a shit. The stares came daily. Every time he sat alone or lifted his head, someone would be there looking, wanting his youth. Until one day it came, fast and furious, from out of nowhere. Men holding him, beating him, and using him as a woman. And then it was their turn to pay and die, and they did, in a way most men fear to go—execution by fire.      The kid looked up and stared back at Illya. What the fuck was this loser with the shitty tats staring at him for? Who the fuck was he? Did he know him? He got up and walked over to Illya. “Sorry, do I know you?” he asked, smiling.      Illya stared hard at the kid with the neatly shaved goatee. “You don’t know me.”      Shrugging, the kid smiled and said, “No worries. I’m sorry…it’s just that you kept looking over, and I thought we knew each other, that’s all.”      “We don’t know each other,” Illya replied, “so fuck off.”      Surprised, the kid stared at him, and as he began to turn, Illya spoke again.      “You think you can come over and scare me? You think I am pussy? Hey, I’m not a Canadian piece of pussy meat like you, so fuck you, and fuck your friends who you sitting with right now. Except girls. They can come here join me, I will entertain them like you can’t if they want.”      The kid turned away, ignoring Illya and his badly spoken English as Illya ordered another drink. Fuck, he was loving it now. The guy would go over and tell his friends he’d just met this fucking tough motherfucker from Russia, and then if they were brave, they’d take him on. Go outside and party as they liked to say here. He watched them now, all at the table, listening and laughing at what the kid was saying, looking over, their sly glances passing him by as they pretended to look at the door or the hockey game on the TV.      Illya continued to stare, holding onto the kid’s every move. Fuck, he was fearless, staring down these guys and their girls, them all there not knowing what to do or how to handle him, this tough fucking gangster with his tattoos.      Then the kid got up again, came back over, and said, “The girls want to know why you’ve got two guns tattooed on your chest and why you’ve got pictures of burning animals all over your arms.”      Illya laughed, then smiled. “Why don’t you ask them to come over here and ask me themselves?”      “Because you frighten them.”      Illya loved that one. “Tell them I not Russian bear, I Russian sable, and treat them fine.” Then as he took a swig of his drink and pointed right at the girls, he said, “Tell your girls they want work for me, they have apartment, clothes by designer, and earn thousand dollar every day.”       “How?”      “Bring girls over to me, and I tell them. They work for me, in less than year, they buy condo for cash. All day at spa make themselves look beautiful.”      The kid looked at him again, smiling. “Really?”      Illya flicked his head. “Tell them.”      Then the kid asked another question. “That road on your shoulders, the girls want to know where it goes.”      “Straight to place where dream come true,” Illya answered. “Now go, ask girls, come see me.”      The kid smiled and looked toward his friends, who were signaling him to come back.      Illya watched as the kid walked back and spoke to the girls at his table. He was feeling good now. The beer and the whiskey and the rum he’d now switched to were kicking in. These fucking pussies here couldn’t drink. When they did, they just got loud and started whooping it up, screaming like cats. They never sat quietly like they did in Moscow.      The kid came back to the bar and said the words that would cause him to regret for the rest of his days ever getting into a conversation with the Russian. “The girls said if you want to pimp out anyone, why don’t you go ask your sister?”      At first, through the noise of the bar, Illya didn’t think he’d heard it right, but then he realized he had. He called back to the kid as he walked back to the girls at the table. “You know Alla?”      The kid sat down and stared back at him, smiling.      Illya looked at the girls and said, “You know my sister, Alla?”      The group looking back at him began to laugh. Illya looked at the kid, who stared right back and said, “We don’t know your sister.”      They did. He knew it. Why else would they ask? How would they know he had a sister? How would they know she was a whore who had worked the side of the road that he ran before the police came making a fuss about him burning that prick who drove the Mercedes?      Illya looked back to the bar and his drink, dismissing the kid with his impoliteness. Peering up, he watched the kid at the table, slapping his hand down, high fiving the others, laughing. Fucking sons of bitches, he thought. If they were in Russia, they’d read these tattoos and know what they meant. There would be no laughter then, just respect. He looked at the barman, staring him down until he dropped what he was doing and came right over, handing him another beer and chaser without being asked.      The night passed, and the drinks kept coming. Illya watched the hockey game and the table with the kid, his and his friends’ attention long ago shifted away from the crazy tattooed Russian at the bar. But the kid was pissing Illya off now. The fuck? Coming over for no reason, opening the conversation with strange questions, then moving straight to the subject of his sister. He knew something—there was no doubt about it. What did he know? How did he know Alla? Was he fucking her?      Maybe. He was blond, and Alla liked blond men. The fucking prick. If he was fucking her, he should have been paying Illya. Maybe he knew her husband or was a nephew or something. He’d seen a picture of a kid on the guy’s fridge when he’d gotten into town and started taking over. Could be. Probably was. That’s where she was—back with the husband, the one he’d fucked who’d started crying. That’s how he knew Alla. He was the kid on the fridge.      Then the kid got up slowly and, looking briefly toward Illya, passed him, heading toward the toilet. Illya stood as the kid entered the washroom. He traced his steps, opened the door to the restroom to check that it was empty, and then with a sharp, precise twist of his body, he slammed his fist hard into the kid's kidney as he stood minding his own business taking a leak.      The pain of the hit came fast and sharp, knocking the wind out of the kid’s body as he felt an arm quickly wrap itself tight around his throat and begin to squeeze the life from him. Then the Russian spoke as the kid looked down in panic, realizing who it was as he stared in shock at the guy's tattooed arms.      “Where my sister?”      Desperate to breathe, the kid clasped Illya’s arm with one hand and held onto his unfastened trousers with the other. He felt himself being pulled back away from the urinal and pushed through a door into one of the toilet stalls. His face slammed down, hitting hard and spurting blood onto the top of the white toilet tank.      The Russian asked again, “Where Alla? Tell—where?”      Struggling, the kid tried to speak, but could not, the pressure of the Russian’s arm still crushing unrelentingly on his throat. He felt the man behind him, tugging his trousers further down his legs. The Russian released his throat and grabbed his hair, slamming his face down hard again into the top of the toilet tank and sticking both fingers into his eye sockets. Then as the man pulled his underpants down, he felt the Russian’s hardness pushing against him, and heard the man say, “Move, and you’ll never see again.”      Then the pain came as the Russian’s mouth pushed down, biting him hard on the shoulder. The smell of booze poured from the man’s mouth as he bit down harder and harder with each breath. He felt a violent poking and prodding from behind as he struggled, then movement, and then a searing pain, worse than anything he had ever felt before, as the Russian pushed hard against him, ripping into him and fucking him violently, taking him as a woman.      