Illya sat on his sofa and stared out of the large window to the city below. It was now two thirty in the morning, and it had been a good night. Good fun, actually. He took a cigarette from the pack, lit it, and opened another beer. He’d have liked to have stayed longer at the bar after he’d gone into the toilet and raped the kid who had long hair like a girl, but it was best to get out of there because he knew if he kept on drinking, he’d only start causing trouble.      That fucking pussy, he thought. He looked like a girl, fought like a girl, and had screamed like a girl as well, when he’d been fucked.      He took a large pull on his cigarette, blew it into the air, picked up the Georgia Straight paper. Opening it up at its rear, he looked for the ad he’d paid in cash to print week after week for the last six months. Finding it, he stared at the picture Alla’s boyfriend had taken of her standing in a sexy negligee, her face obscured just enough, and her ass sticking out like a peach. Then he turned the page and stared at another.      ******      It was just after four in the morning when Mary Sanc stepped out of the cab and rang the buzzer. Three minutes later, she was standing in a short skirt and high heels in the living room of Illya’s new luxury apartment, listening as Illya said, “Go to bedroom, get undressed. I’ll be there in minute.” Apart from, “You look nice, young and fresh,” that was all the small talk Illya had given her.      Mary turned and headed down the hall toward the bedroom to get laid for the thousand dollars she’d asked for coming out so late. It was the same foreign guy on the phone, she thought, and he hadn’t flinched when she’d talked money. She called back to him along the mirror-lined hallway that seemed much longer and bigger than it should have been for the building.      “Don’t be long out there.”      She walked into the bedroom and looked around. It was a nice place—large and luxurious—and through an adjoining door, she could see a huge bathroom with a sunken shower big enough for them both.      Sitting herself down on the bed, she thought there was a time she’d have let him bring her here and do her for free. As Illya appeared through the bedroom door, she turned to him, smiled, and asked, “What’s a good-looking man like yourself doing here with me when you could go out there and get it for nothing?”      Illya smiled. “I have it once for free already tonight, but what is that word you say here? Kinky?”      “Kinky.”      “Yeah, I a kinky motherfucker with too much money.”      Mary smiled. Good for her. If she did a good job and fucked him well, maybe he could become a repeat. She stared at Illya, then looked around the room and noticed the large phone book sitting on the chaise lounge that looked out to the window and the city lights beyond. This guy was from the Russian mob maybe, wanting a taste of Canadian pussy before he went home.      “Why are you here in Vancouver?” she asked.      “Actor, on TV series.”      Could be, Mary thought. Actors paid for sex all the time. Paid for the girls to leave was the saying, or the way their egos dealt with it. But now, looking at him closer, this guy was no actor, not with those tats. And he was too hard around the eyes.      Whatever he was, it didn’t matter. In a couple of hours, she’d be out and away, back in her own bed after a quick bath, and a thousand dollars better off. There was a pair of Jimmy Choo’s she’d had her eye on for the last week, and after wrapping her legs around this guy and pretending to come a couple of times, she was going to get them.      Then Illya walked over to the chaise lounge, closed the curtains, picked up the telephone directory, came back, and hit her with it hard across her back.      The pain was incredible as it ripped through her, knocking the wind from her lungs and what felt like the life from her small-framed body. Just as she managed to gasp air into her lungs, Illya hit her again with the telephone book, bringing it down hard onto her kidneys and sending a crippling pain she’d never thought possible through her body.      Desperately, Mary called out, but the more she did, the harder Illya hit, pulverizing her kidneys. Only when she’d stopped crying out and thought the only thing left to do was die did Illya stop. She smelled the beer and the cigarettes on his breath as he leaned down and quietly spoke Russian words she couldn’t understand in her ear. Then he calmly moved back and from nowhere produced a flame that shot out from his right hand and was aimed so perfectly that the heat at the tip of its three-foot length pinned her face to the luxurious Egyptian cotton.      Terrified, Mary stared up at him through the heat of the flame, unable to move. The pain in her back was all but forgotten as the heat from the flame increased.      She heard Illya call out to her through the roar of the flame. “You work for me now, and you going to earn that thousand you ask for, and when you have, I tell you time to leave—if you not do as I say, I burn your face away. You run, I find you and burn you just same.”      And as Mary looked up at him through the flame, she saw the evil in his eyes and knew his words were true.      