Chapter Twenty-ThreeAlla Bragin lay in her hospital bed listening to the night. In the distance, someone was crying, calling out for help—but it wasn’t coming anytime soon, not for her or for anyone else.      Dennis—or her sick brother if he was still alive—was her only hope, but what good would he be? She imagined him coming into the room, seeing her unable to move from the waist down, and then turning around one hundred and eighty degrees and walking out again. Dennis was her best option. He still loved her despite everything. There was little she could do now that could be worse than what she’d done already to him, and nothing could change that.      She took a deep breath, listened to the women along the corridor screaming and crying, and then closed her eyes. It was odd—she could feel her feet, but couldn’t move them. At least she thought she could feel them. Who the hell had it been? she wondered. It was hard to picture the man’s face now in her head, but she knew he was Asian. Well, kind of.      And he’d killed Sergei. Burned him to death, so he’d said. But Sergei could just as easily be drunk somewhere with Illya. It had happened before, but somewhere inside, she knew that wasn’t the case. She had sensed the truth in the man’s words when he’d told her it was Sergei burning out there on the creek. Then he’d gotten up and hit her. She opened her eyes again and stared at the ceiling as the memory of the blow crashing into her lower back and the hot feeling inside that had enveloped her came flashing back. It had to have something to do with the girl, she thought. That girl—so warm, so giving, so incredibly kind to her boyfriend, their whole lives ahead of them.      That cunt, Illya, always fucking it up, always destroying everything and everyone in his wake. Taking, taking, taking. And now, because of him, she was stuck, an exotic fish in a tank with everyone coming by to stare. And she couldn’t get out.      Slowly, Alla shuffled her way to the other side of the bed. Fighting her drips and monitors, she reached out and pulled the bedside phone onto her chest and began to dial the number she thought she had long forgotten. Thirty seconds passed before Dennis answered, and she lay silent for a moment listening to him.      Then she said, “Dennis. Please, Dennis.”      “Alla?”      “Please help me, Dennis.”      Dennis stayed quiet on the other end of the line. Then he said, “I don’t know. A man was here Alla, and he said some things about you, and they made sense.”      “But you still love me, though, don’t you?”      “Not like before. Not after what you did.”      Alla began to cry, her tears real, born of shame and the fear that she was now crippled and had no one left in the world to help except this glimmer of a man whose life she’d once been a part of, and had destroyed.      “I’m a human being, Alla. I have feelings. You forget that, I think.”      “I’m sorry, love. It was my brother—he made me. I was terrified of him. I still want you.”      There was silence on the line, then Dennis answered. “You say was? Are you saying he’s not with you now?”      “No, but I’m still frightened of him. But I’m more frightened that I cannot move my legs.”      And she was terrified, more terrified than she had ever been. The faint hope that sat inside her was that she thought she’d been able to move a toe, just a toe, and as she lay watching the sheets at the end of the bed, she was certain she hadn’t been dreaming.      “That’s why you’re calling me?”      “Yes.”      “What happened to you?”      “A man hit me.”      “Why?”      Good question, Alla thought. She took a deep breath, and letting it out, she answered truthfully. “I don’t know.”      “You don’t know?”      “No.”      “Where?”      “My back, at the bottom.”      “No, I meant where were you?”      Then she did lie, the transition between the two answers so seamless it would be impossible for anyone other than herself to tell one from the other.      “I was in the hallway by my apartment, and he came out of nowhere. He hit me, and I made it back to the apartment and collapsed.”      Dennis stayed silent for a while, then said, “A man attacked you for no reason? Was he a client?”      “Sorry?”      “Your brother used to say you used to be a prostitute, Alla. I didn’t believe him, but now after what has happened between us, I don’t know anymore.”      There was silence then between them, and Alla knew how much it must have hurt Dennis to say those words.      “Illya’s a bad man, Dennis. I’m not like him.”      “You’re not?”      “You know I’m not.”      Alla stayed quiet for a moment, letting her husband listen to her breathing over the phone. Then she said, “I want to apologize to you, Dennis. That is why I called. I just wanted to say sorry and tell you that I’ve never not loved you.”      ******Mary woke to see Illya standing next to her. She felt her right wrist being untied from the side of the bed, and then a few minutes later, a man in a business suit was standing in the room. How long she’d been out from the pain in her kidneys, she couldn’t tell.      The man stared at her, not knowing quite what to do. “Good morning,” he said.      Mary nodded. So it was morning, but which morning?      She heard the man say, “You’re a very pretty girl.”      Mary looked at him and wondered what the fuck he had seen in her to make him say that because she couldn’t remember ever feeling worse than she did right at that moment.      So this was the start, this was the first of the men she’d now have to fuck before she’d somehow be able to get the fuck out of there and away from this Russian pimp. Then she’d have her revenge.      Still looking at the guy, she said, “Get it done, and don’t expect me to pretend I’m enjoying it.”      Illya stood on the other side of the door and listened. Not the best response he’d have liked from his newest employee, but she could be educated, and if this prick wasn’t happy, then he could fuck off and put a complaint in with someone who gave a shit.      By the afternoon, Mary had had four showers and three lectures from the expert.      “You need to moan more, pretend to cum, tell them you love them and how they feel. Tell them they’re good and say you want more.”      Fucking bullshit, Mary thought.      Other men came passing through the apartment, and with each one she’d lay down for, her plan to mutilate this Russian prick had grown, taking her to places she’d never known possible. And with the one who was in her now, pounding and gasping away, it was no different.      She would pay all the money in the bank—and she meant all of it, every cent she’d saved for laying down and lying, just as Illya was trying to coach her how to do now. She’d hire her old flame in the Hells Angels, who used to brag to her after they’d fucked about the bad things he’d done with his friends, and they’d come up here to this fancy pad and cut off Illya’s cock and balls and fingers and then after go to town on him with a teaspoon. And she’d watch and smile as he pleaded to her and said “we were partners” or some Russian shit like that.       She’d watch as he stumbled about, and say, “Find me and burn me now, you tattooed motherfucking cunt.”      Then she’d leave him up there, bleeding and on his own, trying to find the door, and when he did, he wouldn’t be able to open it because he’d have a broken arm and no fucking fingers.      Mary felt the guy on top of her push hard into her and stay, then moan and come. He lay still for a moment then pulled out.      How many was that? she wondered as she watched his fat ass walk away from her in just his socks and disappear into the bathroom. Six or seven?      “I’ll bring the clients, and we’ll split the money,” the tattooed Russian cunt had said right after the first guy had come and gone. “I’m a businessman. You’ll get the thousand dollars you asked for. Don’t worry about that.”      But at what rate? she thought. Back alley Moscow rates? Ten dollars a go? By now he must have pulled in almost three thousand, and the afternoon wasn’t even over.      She looked at the guy’s trousers. Sitting up, she put her hand into his pockets and began rifling around for a phone. She found it and turned it on then stopped. What would she do? Call the cops? Call a friend? Tell them she’d been abducted? Then it would all be out to her friends and family that she’d been whoring, even if it was only part time. And worse still, she’d have to look over her shoulder for this psycho for the rest of her life.      Mary stared at the door and listened as the man with a fat gut, who smelled and had bad breath and had just fucked her without saying a word, took a leak in the bathroom. No, she’d wait and ride it out. See how it went. Then if she wasn’t getting out, or if he became violent again, she’d have a plan and maybe be able to kill him herself. She sat up and, still naked, stared out of the window at the rain outside and the mountains in the background covered in clouds.      Right now, she should be at home or out buying the pair of Jimmy Choo's she had her eye on, but she was stuck here with this fucking tattooed monster. He had said he’d let her go, and strangely, she believed him.      But when?      She looked back to the bathroom door and heard the toilet flush. Illya was standing outside the bedroom door now, the flick of his lighter lighting another cigarette giving him away. She thought what she’d do was not wash anymore or anything like that. Eventually, she’d stink worse than a fish shop or this prick’s mother or any other whore he’d beaten into submission and pimped out. Then that guy, that Russian fucking psycho could go muster up some other girl he could talk into coming over with the promise of big bucks and his bullshit about being an actor in a miniseries. He’d kick her out, and she’d make a call and then clean herself up and come straight back within the hour, looking like a million dollars, and sit and let her looking good be the last thing he saw as her ex-boyfriend and his friends dug his eyes out with a teaspoon.
      