Almost an hour later, Chendrill was sitting at Dennis’s dining table with its new white cloth, sharing one of the beers he’d bought for him.      “Was the brother of your wife, who was here illegally, violent?” he asked Dennis straight out.      Dennis nodded and looked to the floor.      “Dennis,” said Chendrill, “I’m a private eye. Whatever you tell me will go no further. I’m not here to cause you trouble. I’m just trying to discover what happened to my friend.”      Dennis looked up at him, then said, “I was thinking after you left that your friend was possibly the pretty woman who came here, am I right?”       Chendrill nodded. “Daltrey was her name.”      Dennis nodded and closed his eyes. “That’s right, like the singer.”      Chendrill took a deep breath and then another swig of his beer and thought back to his time with her. “Like the singer” was one of the first things he’d ever said to her when they’d met in the canteen, and she’d said, “Yeah, I’m glad my surname wasn’t Tucker, because I’ve been hearing people say that my whole life.” Looking back to Dennis, he heard him say, “Yeah, her brother was violent, very violent, he had this trick where he could suddenly produce fire out of nowhere. The man scared the shit out of me. Alla told me he’d been to prison in Russia for burning a pimp to death, and now he’s doing the same here, no doubt.”      “You told this to Daltrey?”      Dennis stared at his new tablecloth. “I wish I had because after you left, I did a bit of research and chances are my silence cost her her life.”      Chendrill shook his head. “You don’t know that it was him, Dennis. You’ve done nothing wrong.”      But there was a lot more, Chendrill could tell, and fishing for it now was not the way to go—it could wait. It would come in its own time, and only when Dennis was ready. Changing the subject, he asked, “You said you were in the movies now?”      Dennis shrugged and said, “Yeah, still humping heavy sandbags around all day. If you call that being in the movies, then I’m in the movies. That’s what I do.”      “What are you working on?”      “TV—series, mostly. Just day calling and sitting around in the rain and being treated like an idiot by people who are just that, but it’s work. Soon I’ll be getting my dentist’s license back, and I’m going to take a real job up in the northern territories where the money’s good. They’re screaming for dentists up there, and I can’t see it being too taxing because when I was last up that way, most of the people I saw didn’t have any teeth.”      Chendrill laughed and said, “Yeah, you’re right.”      “So that’s where I’ll be soon, and if you need to see me there, you’ll have to sell your rocket and buy a truck to get through the snow.”      Chendrill smiled, and said, “It’s not my car.” Then he asked, “Can I ask what happened to your license?”      Dennis looked away and then to Mazzi Hegan's Ferrari sitting in the street outside. “It got pulled after I pulled one too many of the wrong teeth out. Before that, years ago, I used to own one of them,” he said, nodding at the car, “but I married this woman I met on the Internet. It was great at first, then the brother turned up, and all hell broke loose.”      “What kind of hell?”      Dennis stayed quiet, but after a moment he looked at Chendrill and said, “Hell as in hell. He said that I’d married a whore, and that before coming here, my wife had sold her ass up on this road that he’s stupidly got tattooed on his back.”      “He said it to you just like that?”      Dennis shook his head as he thought back to Illya screaming at him, drunk on the vodka Dennis had bought and throwing Dennis’s personal belongings around the house while shouting, “Your wife, the cunting whore, she fuck many men every day and give me the money. One, two, three, twenty men every day. She is cunt whore, your wife.”      Chendrill stared at him for a moment without speaking then said, “He spoke to you like that?”      “No, worse,” Dennis replied, feeling the upset of the year before well up in him. “Alla screamed at me when I told her what he’d said. She said he was crazy, but her brother said to ask her how she got the scar on her leg. I did, but she said it was from horse-riding when she was young. She said there were wild ponies around that they would all ride. But he said all the whores who worked the road fucking guys in the cars had the same scar from where their legs got stuck between the seat and the door as they sat on their laps, riding their cocks.”      Chendrill sat there listening. This was the way the brother spoke to Dennis while he was eating his food and drinking his beer? Fuck me, what a piece of work.      “And she does have a scar like that?” Chendrill asked.       Dennis nodded. “But the truth is, I don’t know how it could be from horse-riding because it’s on the outside of her leg. I mentioned this to her, and she started to cry, as girls do, and I felt like a prick. But her brother kept at me, saying, ‘You idiot, you idiot, you married a whore.’ Then she turned on me. Said I was a bastard for not believing her, that I was the kind of guy who called his wife a prostitute. I asked her brother to leave, and then it got ugly. He attacked me, saying he was part of the package that came when you had to buy a wife over the Internet—‘your fucking mail-order bride,’ he’d say. After about six months, I was a mess. She was fucking with me and spending so much, and I wasn’t sleeping because I thought he was going to come into the room and attack me. So I rented a place for myself.”      “For yourself?”      Dennis nodded, and in complete embarrassment looked away to the floor.      “Yeah, for myself. A house a few miles from here, actually, and I happily went, for a bit. I went back when this other guy came on the scene—Sergei, his friend. A good-looking blond guy. He was around all the time, living in my house. He was always there when I’d come over to see Alla, you know, after work. Or they’d all be out late hitting my credit card hard. I couldn’t concentrate at work or do anything right anymore, and that’s when I started making mistakes—small at first, then big ones.      “Then Alla went out one night and never came home. That was the last time I saw her, but she was still using my credit card. And then it got worse. At first, I thought maybe she’d just needed a break and would be back, but then I said, as she’s obviously gone, I wanted them both out, and they had till the end of the week to go or I’d call the cops. Anyway, there was a fire at the house—I don’t know how it started, but I can imagine. A kid was killed, another kid was injured, and after that Illya and his friend disappeared off the face of the earth.      “I lost the plot, there was big trouble, there were lawsuits coming in at me from all angles, and I was answering questions from the police about the kid I’d never met who was illegal and had been in the house. I kept making more mistakes at work, and then one day I just couldn’t take it anymore—my wife had left, my home was gone, and I was about to lose my business. I drove myself to a point I knew on this lake out beyond Mission. I was like a man possessed. I remember crying all the way, tears streaming down my face so that I could barely see. I got out of the car and ran down the slope like a blubbering mess and threw myself off this cliff about thirty feet high into the deep water below, and I hit the water and sank deeper and deeper.”      Chendrill sat there and listened, waiting for more, and when it did not come, he said, “So what happened? Why are you still here?”      “Because the water was bloody freezing, that’s why.”      Chendrill laughed. There was more to this man than he let on. He was a character and a good soul, caught out by bad people it seemed. In life, some people just don’t see it coming, and he was one of them.      “And you swam back out?” Chendrill asked.      “Like an Olympic champion. The water there’s fresh off the glacier. If you want to drown yourself, go find a hot spring or one of those big communal hot tubs they have in the condo buildings downtown.”      Chendrill laughed again and sat back in his chair. This guy, Dennis the dentist with the wife with the scar on her knee, was a funny guy. He wondered if he’d be able to stay in contact with him after all the shit had left the fan.      “Have you heard from your wife lately?”      Dennis nodded his head. “Yes, she called me.”      “And did she know the guy who burned in the fire?”      Dennis shrugged. “I can’t say for sure. Maybe. I’ll never forget his name, though, or the pictures the police showed me. Bernado Gomez. He was twenty-three, from Mexico.”      “And you told them about Illya?”      “I told them that Alla’s brother and a friend of hers had been staying at my house while I wasn’t living there, and I didn’t know where they were.”      “And what did they say?”      “What could they do? The guy and his friend just disappeared.”      “Along with your wife.”      Dennis nodded again and looked back out the window. “Along with my wife, along with my business, along with my home, and along with my life,” he mumbled.      The clouds were low, and it looked like rain as Chendrill drove back into town. As he swished the first drops of rain from the windshield with the wipers, he felt the heavy sag in his stomach he had felt many times before. He was getting closer to the truth—there was little doubt about it.      Daltrey had found Alla’s brother, and after that, the brother had more than likely found her. That was the most logical conclusion. And Dennis had done nothing but get himself into a situation that he wasn’t capable of getting himself out of. He was guilty of nothing more than being lonely and falling in love. In fact, Chendrill doubted, give or take the odd root canal, if he’d ever hurt anyone in his life.      Illya Bragin, a guy who had a talent for producing fire without anyone seeing it coming, was the possible killer of the guy on the boat, along with his old friend Daltrey, and a young Mexican kid by the name of Bernado Gomez. And he was out there somewhere.
      