Chapter Twenty-SixMarsha’s agent Gill Banton sat back and let the guy from Venezuela who was half her age rub the oil into the inside of her big toe for what must have been the twentieth time that evening. It felt nice, the way he was hitting that spot right there at the joint, the way he held the ball of her foot and worked his way up from the heel and ended up right back there at the sweet spot. It was now almost one in the morning, and she was still working. Marsha was pissed—she’d been in London for just over a day, and no one had yet called to say hello or bothered to invite her over to the palace to meet the Queen. In fact, the only call she had gotten was the one she was on now from her agent, telling her that the problem with the crabs was getting a little out of hand.      “I haven’t got crabs,” Marsha said irritably into the phone as the young man who wanted so bad to hit the catwalks of Milan switched to Gill’s other foot and wondered whether he should take his top off or not.      “I know you haven’t,” Gill said in frustration, closing her eyes and leaning her head back into the satin pillow of the huge cream-colored sofa she’d picked up in Barcelona. “But that isn’t the issue, is it? The problem is that the media all over the world thinks you do. And please don’t suggest for one moment that this is the reason the palace hasn’t been in touch.”      “Well, it might have something to do with it.”      “It has nothing to do with it,” said Gill as she lifted her other foot and slowly stroked it up and down the young man’s chest. “And by the way, you managed to leave everything—and I mean everything—at the hotel in Vancouver again.”      Marsha looked around at the suite full of cases and bags and said, “Well, it’s all here.”      “Yes, it is, but Buffy had to sort it out.”      “Buffy?”      “Yes, Buffy. She works for you.”      “She does?” Confused, Marsha stared at her cases that still hadn’t been unpacked for her and tried to recall whether she’d ever met a Buffy in her life.      Hearing the slightest of groans, she then heard her agent Gill Barton say, “Buffy works very hard for you, Marsha. She’s been with you for nearly two years. She packed your bags.”      Marsha looked back again to her luggage for a moment and said, “I’m sure I checked in, though.”      “You checked in, but your luggage didn’t. Buffy had to stay behind and pack them for you, then fly with everything by private jet so you could have clean knickers to put on when you got there. Which, I might add, cost you a whole lot of extra money.”      “The fucking bitch.”      “Anyway, I’ve put out a press release saying you’re in a very committed and loving relationship with this guy you slept with in Vancouver, and that the whole thing is nonsense.”      “Why?”      “Because it’s okay press for a male renegade actor or a reality TV personality to have crabs, darling, but bad press for a supermodel—even if you do support animal rights. I’ve built you up to be the figurehead for multinational corporations, Marsha. Forgetting to pack your clothes and leaving them all behind falls within supermodel territory and is okay, but having crabs, my dear, is nothing but bad press. You’re there to advertise a product, darling, the people you’re signed to could easily dump you and rehire some sexy new model who gives incredible foot massages—doing that gets them global attention for free. So keep that in mind.”      Taking a deep breath, Marsha said, “You can’t say I’m in a relationship with the guy. He’s a jerk, and he insulted me. He called me Margaret Thatcher!”      In a huff, she stood and walked over to the window. She wasn’t worried—she was the sexiest bitch this planet had ever seen and had the magazines to prove it. She looked out again across the park to Buckingham Palace in the distance, the morning sun now cutting through the dense trees and lighting Victoria’s memorial at its center.      She waited, listening to the silence on the other end of the phone that seemed to last forever. Eventually giving up, Marsha took another deep breath and then said, “Hello?”      As the guy from Caracas worked his hand up past her knee, Gill said, “Well, I’ve done it now, so be prepared. I’ve arranged a couple of interviews with some magazines for you this morning at Langham’s Brassiere. Buffy will fill you in, but don’t eat or say anything negative about the guy, like you’ve split up or something, or they’ll take it that there’s a reason.”      Marsha ran her hand through her hair and stared at herself in the ornate and enormous mirror hanging on the wall. She then turned her eyes to a portrait of King Charles I on the wall and asked, “Why do the guys here wear funny clothes and have such long hair?”      Gill was silent for a moment on the other end of the phone. This time, it had little to do with what was happening on the inside of her thighs. It was the years of babysitting these beautiful people who hadn’t a clue about the real world. Ten percent of their pay or not, she was growing tired of it all, and as the young man’s hand reached the top of her legs and gently stroked the underside of her little cotton panties, she released the tiniest gasp and then said, “It’s called history, darling, and if you can’t remember the name of the last guy you slept with, it’s Dan, Dan Treedle. He’s from Vancouver, he works out of Slave, you’ve been together a while now, and he’s the greatest lover and sexiest man you’ve ever met.”      						    ******Dan sat at the small desk in the corner of his basement room in just his socks and a T-shirt, vibrating in between his feet sat a fan on full blast blowing cold air straight into his crotch as he stared at an electronic wiring diagram that was open on his computer.      Just by looking at it for a few minutes, it was easy to see he could put together a card. Then by adding three diodes and an AA battery, he could defeat the alarm system on any Ferrari built since 2005. Not that he was going to do it, but Mazzi Hegan's Ferrari was pretty good fun to drive, and after all, truth was, why should his bodyguard get to ride around in it when he was the talent?      Reaching down into an old box, he pulled out a series of circuit boards, stared down at them, and then back to the screen. Daltrey’s death was still playing on his mind and had left a lump in his stomach. Only a few days ago, he’d sat where he was now and put together all the components for the small door and elevator infrared system he’d made for her. Which was fine because from his antics, he now had a shitload of cash coming in, got to use one of those big showers and drive the sports car, and had even gotten a little tittie action with the chick from McDonald’s and Marsha to boot.      ******He stared out the window and thought about Daltrey. She was a good girl really. Funny and full of herself, but they’d had fun, and she had laughed at him when he’d not been able to keep down those overpriced oysters. Perhaps they could have gone somewhere together as a couple, out to Whistler maybe, or he could have wowed her with some moves on the dance floor, and then she would have really fallen for him. Maybe they could have had kids or a dog. She was gone now, though, and even if it was written in the stars for them both, it was no longer and could never be again.      There had to be some kind of funeral coming up or a wake of some sort. Maybe Chendrill could find out, and they could go together. Maybe his mum would go as well, and maybe this time, those two could get the bus, and he could take the car. Then when they got there, he could turn up late at the graveyard in the Ferrari, like they do in the movies. He’d slam the door and stroll in with everyone looking at him, and they’d all wonder who he was and say, “Hey, who is this guy? Wow, that must be Daltrey’s boyfriend.”      And then Dan would stand there proudly while everyone else was crying, and he’d take his mum by the hand and lead her over to Daltrey’s coffin and say, “Mum, I’d like to introduce you to my girlfriend.”				******Chendrill drove along the highway back into town and remembered that he was supposed to report Mazzi Hegan's car missing. He’d forgotten. Signaling, he slowed the car down, pulled off right, and then took a left onto Hastings. As he passed the fairgrounds, he thought about Tricia and maybe popping in to see if Dan was behaving himself. Either that or go back to the hospital and start asking Alla Bragin about her brother and how a young Mexican kid managed to burn to death in her husband’s home.******Alla Bragin lay in her hospital bed, trying as hard as possible to concentrate on moving her toes. Just as she thought they had, the door opened, and the prick in the Hawaiian shirt stepped into her room. He walked across the room and sat down uninvited next to the bed.      “I think you better tell me about this boyfriend of yours, Alla,”       Alla closed her eyes. Fuck, could this get any worse? Everything she knew was unraveling, and if this prick knew about Sergei, then how long was it going to be before Dennis found out?      “Did Dennis mind then, Alla, that you had a boyfriend? Was it okay with him, paying for you living it up with Sergei? Because I don’t think when he decided to bring you over here and support you that he had any idea what he was getting himself into.”      Alla stayed quiet. She knew only too well there were prisons all over the world full of people with big mouths who had put themselves there.      Chendrill leaned in so close to her that she could smell on his breath the cheap coffee he’d been drinking at her husband’s place not less than an hour before.      “And I haven’t even got started yet about your brother,” he said, “and how he burned Bernado Gomez to death in Dennis’s home with his flame trick and then torched the house to make it look like an accident.”      Fuck, Alla thought and closed her eyes as she felt a wave of terror rip up her chest from her medicated stomach.      Chendrill watched as this beautiful girl who was rotten inside closed her eyes and tried to hide the panic washing through her body.      “That’s the way it is, is it not? Your brother Illya with his special trick, producing fire out of nowhere. He used to do it when he lost his temper to get his own way, didn’t he? But it went too far, and he killed the young kid—burned him to death just like he did my friend Daltrey, the cop. He surprised her with his little fire game, and he did the same thing to the guy they found on the boat. Who was that Alla? Was it Sergei, the blond, good-looking boyfriend you brought over here on your husband’s coin? Or was it someone else, maybe another lover I haven’t found out about yet? How many other lovers has your brother destroyed, Alla? Are you going to tell me what’s been going on, or am I going to have to let you be transferred to a secure hospital where you’ll be questioned incessantly about everything I already know? They will continue to do so until they find out where your brother is hiding.”      Alla opened her eyes again and looked for the button she could press to summon a nurse who had the authority to tell this fucker in the flowery shirt to go. But God, he was on to her and her brother. How much did Dennis know for this guy to have found out Sergei was her lover, and it was possibly him who had burned on the creek?      It was not Illya’s style to put on a display. He was a “there and then” type of personality. The burning boat out on the creek had to be the work of the guy who had hit her and put her in the hospital.      Chendrill leaned back in his chair, waited a moment, then said, “Was it your brother who put on the show, Alla, and put you in here, was it him who did all these things? Maybe you were just an innocent young girl who got caught up with bad blood, who only left to keep her husband safe?”      What was he after? Alla thought. He knew the work she’d been doing—he’d already told her that—but what was this? Was he offering her a deal, saying she had two possible ways to go—the hard way or the easy way—but he’d take her down either way? But he wasn’t a cop. He’d told her that.       “I’m after the person who killed my friend,” Chendrill said, “and it couldn’t have been you, Alla, because you were here. The way I see it, you had it good with Dennis, but when Illya came along, things got pretty bad. If you tell me what I need to know about where Illya is, you may find I keep my mouth closed to everyone, including Dennis, about your whoring, because from what I can see, you’ve suffered enough. So maybe, and I mean maybe, there’s a chance you can get your life in order and Dennis can be the one who helps you do this. He can be the good guy who pushes you around in your chair and takes care of you for the rest of your life. Otherwise, you’d better get some gloves because those lovely hands of yours are going to be pretty sore.”      Alla lay still and thought about what the private eye wearing the bright red shirt with palm trees on it had said. She looked at the card he’d left on the bedside table conveniently propped up against the water jug for her to see.      She didn’t have a lot of options—in fact, she had none. She’d been there when the kid Bernado had died, and it had been the worst day of her life, until now. But if Dennis had known that, then so would this prick. The only people who truly knew were her, Illya, Sergei, and the girl, wherever she’d ended up. And if Sergei was now dead, then sad as it was, she’d take it as a blessing and get over it. The fewer people who knew, the better.      
