Chendrill pulled up Mazzi Hegan's Ferrari outside Dan’s house. Walking up to the door, he pressed the button on the key fob and heard the little beep that let him know his new ride was safe and secure.      Tricia greeted him inside, holding him tightly, her delicate arms wrapped around his strong, broad shoulders. As he looked down at her, she reached up and kissed him gently on the lips.      “Wow, I was not expecting that! I’m sorry it’s a little late,” Chendrill whispered, looking toward Dan’s doorway at the bottom of the stairway that led to the basement.      “It’s fine,” said Tricia as she led him to the kitchen. “Thanks for such a nice lunch. That’s what the kiss was for.”      “How’s the supermodel in training?”      Tricia looked down through the floorboards to the basement below and said, “He’s doing something electrical again. I can smell the soldering he does whenever he’s making something. What have you been up to?”      “Just stuff.”      “Work?”      “Kind of. It was for free. This is work.”      Tricia looked at him and smiled. “So you wouldn’t be here if you weren’t on the payroll?”      Chendrill slung his head to the side and said, “Maybe, maybe not.”      Tricia moved in close to him again and slowly put her hand around the back of his neck. “So you have to be paid to keep coming around here to keep an eye on my terribly naughty son in the basement?”      Chendrill put his arm around her back and pulled her into him. He kissed her on the lips, pressing his big Thomas Magnum moustache hard into the soft skin at the base of her nostrils. “I don’t need to be paid to be close to a woman like you, Tricia,” he said then pulled back, and she kissed him again.      Dan listened as the talking went quiet in the kitchen above. It was always the same—the kitchen was where she always seduced them. Just like the baker guy a few months back, coming in with his tray of croissants, he thought. Fuck, how could his mum still be getting more action than him? Looking up, he listened as the footsteps moved from the kitchen to his mother’s bedroom. And then, on cue, as with the baker, her nervous giggle started.      ******            Chendrill lay next to Dan’s mother on her bed. Pulling his head back from her, he watched as Tricia’s giggle came to a halt.       “I’m sorry, I’m nervous,” she said to him, smiling. “It’s not every day I’m in here like this with a stranger.”      “So I’m a stranger now?”      “You know what I mean. We’ve only just met.”      Chendrill leaned in and kissed her again, soft at first, then harder. Slowly, he pulled his head away and began kissing her cheek, her neck, and then gently stroking her shoulders, letting his hand slip down to her breasts. They undressed each other, one button at a time, their lips barely parting until they were both naked. Moving above her, Charles Chuck Chendrill parted Tricia’s legs and gently pushed himself against her, feeling her warmth surround him as he entered her. Then he heard the familiar sound—the gentle gasp of a woman feeling herself suddenly filled from within by a man—and then the other familiar sound of Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari starting up and being slowly driven away.      ******      Dan made it to the end of his road as silently as he possibly could, then pulled out onto the main road and took off as fast as the Ferrari could go.      He was back! Just as he noticed the traffic lights were there, they went green. He gunned it quickly through and took a left. Fuck, it felt good! This was the car for him, and when he’d made his first paycheck, he was going to buy one for himself and another for his mum, along with the fridge. That would stop the neighbors from frowning at her when she brought her shopping home on the bus. Fuck ’em, they could sit and watch as she came home in a Ferrari while they washed their Hyundais.      Within a couple of minutes, Dan took another left, passed under the Golden Arches, and parked the Ferrari diagonally right outside McDonald’s, just as he had before. With another fierce rev of the engine before turning the car off, he got out and locked the door by pressing the button he’d taped to the top of a shoebox containing the circuitry he’d thrown together as he’d cooled off his balls that made fools of an entire team of anti-theft technicians working at the plant at Maranello.      The first thing Melissa asked him as he stood behind the counter was, “Why didn’t you leave your new shoes in the car?”      Dan looked at the shoebox tucked under his right arm. “Not shoes,” he said, “I’ve just got some important stuff in here, that’s all.”      “Really?”      “Yeah. It’s crucial stuff, real crucial. Can’t lose it or anything like that.”      “Wow. What would you like?”      You, Dan thought but instead said, “I’ll have a double Big Mac, please.”      “Fries?”      Dan nodded. “Of course—but I also wondered if you wanted to go dancing again after work?”      And she did, and an hour later and fully fed, Dan passed back under the Golden Arches, sped out across the road with an almighty roar, and headed into town with Melissa in the passenger seat.      “Why do you keep asking me out if you’re gay,” she asked, “or are you one of those guys who can’t make up his mind?”      Dan pulled the Ferrari over to the side of the road.      “No,” he said.      Melissa frowned and then smiled in a teasing way as Dan struggled with his words.      “I mean, I’m not. You think I’m gay because of the pad I was staying in, but that place is owned by the gay guy I work for.”      “Oh yeah, in electronics research?”      “No,” Dan answered again, “not that. I’ve got other interests. I’m actually a male model now. I’m contracted to Slave.”      Melissa shook her head and said, “Don’t know them.”      Dan looked into the Ferrari’s mirror, pulled away again, and said, “They’re global.” He took the car past a bunch of people who drove shit cars and said, “Yeah, I just finished up doing a shoot on a yacht out at Deep Cove.”      Impressed, Melissa looked at him. “How’d it go?” she asked.      “Great, really great. In and out really, wasn’t there long. They got what they needed inside, but one of the important guys had to be rushed to the hospital, so you know, once he was gone, they couldn’t do a lot.”      “Nothing bad, I hope?”      Dan shook his head and frowned. “No, don’t worry. Nothing life-threatening. Nothing a bit of cream won’t sort out.”      ******      Charles Chuck Chendrill lay with Dan’s mother’s head on his chest and listened to her breathing as she unconsciously toyed with the hair on his chest. She was a keeper, this one, there was no doubt about it. They connected, and when they made love, it felt as though they’d known each other forever.      Without looking up, Tricia asked, “What did you mean earlier when we were kissing, and you said fuck?”      Chendrill lifted his head. “Nothing… It was just Dan. He stole the Ferrari,” Chendrill said quietly.      Tricia sat up quickly, leaped off the bed, and looked out the window to see the empty space where the Ferrari had been parked. Worried and confused, she turned back to him.      “Oh my God!” she said. “How do you know it was Dan?”      Chendrill smiled. “It was Dan.”      Tricia covered herself and walked quietly to the bedroom door. She opened it and called out her son’s name. Nothing.      “I told you, he’s stolen it.”      Horrified, Tricia paced back to the window, looked up the road, and then turned back to Chendrill. “I didn’t bring my son up to steal cars,” she said.      Chendrill smiled again and motioned with his hand for her to come back toward the bed. “He’s borrowed it then,” he said.      Tricia sat back down on the bed and placed both arms by her side, perplexed. Then, propping herself up, she asked, “How? Where are the keys? He’s going to be in trouble.”      Chendrill leaned off the edge of the bed to reach his jeans that had been strewn on the floor and pulled the car keys from his pocket. “I don’t know how he did it,” he said. “The keys are here, but he got past the alarm system easily, and off he went.”      Tricia took a deep breath. “Well, I apologize. This is so embarrassing. I’m telling you, I know we’re not a well-off family, but I really didn’t bring my son up to do such a thing.”      Chendrill laughed. “Tricia, I didn’t think you did, and I’m not pointing fingers. You’re more upset about it all than I am.”      “You don’t care?”      “I do care because if he smashes it up, he may hurt himself or someone else. But I doubt that will happen. He’s driven it before.”      Tricia stood up again and then turned around to face Chendrill. “What? He’s driven it before? When?”      “Like I said, you are worrying more than me.”      ******Dan drove the Ferrari up the center of Robson Street, listening to the engine roar through the wide-open windows as he came downshifted and pulled up to the lights. He looked over at Melissa, who was truly loving it, and then to his phone as it began to ring. Magnum PI, the name he’d attached to Chendrill’s number, came up on the screen.      “What?” Dan said when he answered.      Chendrill leaned back on the bed. “What are you doing with my car?” he asked.      “What are you doing with my mother?” Dan answered right back. “Besides, it’s not your car. It’s Mazzi’s.”      “Mazzi gave me the keys, not you.”      “Yeah, but like I said, you’ve got an electronics genius sitting in the basement, and in this day and age of electronic instruments, keys mean fuck all.”      Chendrill was intrigued now. “How did you get around the key?”      “You’re the detective! You work it out.”      “Could you bring the car back, please.”      “When I’ve finished with it, I will. Melissa and I are going dancing.”      Chendrill smiled and looked at Dan’s mother listening, her head now resting on his thighs, her eyes gazing toward the window. “So I take it you’ve stuffed your face with burgers then?” he asked.      Dan laughed and pulled away from the light with enough roar to get Chendrill worried. “You remember Melissa then.”      “Like you said, I’m the detective.”
      