At one time, Skip Nolan had been the most famous paparazzi ever. He was the guy who could get the impossible shots, the shots beyond the reach of the hundreds of fellow colleagues who besieged the clubs late at night waiting for the chance to snap off a shot of one of the beautiful people, those who became a part of people’s lives through the pages of glossy magazines littering the waiting room of Dennis’s former dental office.       In his time, Skip Nolan had hired planes, helicopters, hang gliders, and balloons. He’d scaled trees, hills, and small mountains, carrying huge telescopic lenses to get that million-dollar shot. He had been responsible for and proud of causing more breakups of the rich and famous than anyone he knew.       The reason for his incredible success rate was his network of insiders and his reputation for paying well for information that brought him the scoop that would go on to hit the covers of almost all the kiss-and-tell magazines throughout the Western world.      And it was through one of these sources he’d heard rumor of the new secret love in Marsha’s life long before the rest of the media had somehow gotten word. For the life of him, he couldn’t fathom exactly who Dan was and how the hell Marsha had managed to keep her secret love a secret for so long.      He’d arrived in town on the first flight out of LA that afternoon, and for five hundred American dollars and a bit of sweet talk, he picked up a photo and address from the receptionist at Slave’s offices in Vancouver. An hour later, after sitting outside this model’s stucco-coated home and wishing he’d eaten on the plane, a big guy with a Hawaiian shirt had pulled up in a Ferrari. Almost an hour after that, just as he’d ordered a pizza to be delivered to the rental car, Dan had appeared outside, playing around with a shoebox next to the Ferrari.      What the fuck Marsha saw in this guy with a broken nose who lived in a shithole, he couldn’t figure out. It certainly wasn’t his driving skills, Skip Nolan thought as his stomach rumbled while tailing Dan up and down Robson Street for the twentieth time that evening. So far, he had about ten usable long-lens shots of this guy eating burgers, but then a woman at McDonald’s had come on the scene, and as soon as that happened, instinct told him that as the night wore on, and as long as his rental car didn’t run out of fuel, he’d have his money shot.******      Marsha was outraged. She couldn’t believe it. Not three hours had gone by since she’d given the interviews in her private booth at Langham’s Brassiere while eating lunch, laughed off the accusations of the sexual disease issue, and proclaimed her love for this guy in Vancouver. Come the afternoon, just after she’d finished making herself sick, the press were banging on her door, asking her about what she thought about the photographs of Dan out on the town with another girl.      What the hell was her agent thinking? she wondered as she opened the door to her suite.      She screamed down the corridor of the Ritz, “Buffy!”      Seconds later, Buffy appeared from her room and scuttled down the corridor, curious as to why after all this time, Marsha was suddenly using her name. She wiped the sugar from her lips and knocked quietly on the door. Opening it, she said, “Can I help?”      Marsha looked at this girl with fat little arms and said, “I need to speak with my agent. Now.”      Buffy stared at the phone sitting on the dresser right next to where this prima donna was standing and said quite innocently, “Is your phone broken?”      “No, it’s fucking not. Get her on the phone. And if you want to keep your job, get over to your bank and pay back the twenty-five thousand dollars you wasted on that private jet you treated yourself to getting over here while I was roughing it with all the fucking cattle.”      Roughing it? Buffy thought. Sipping champagne and eating lobster in the ten-thousand-dollar fold-down bed she’d booked for her in first class?      She picked up the phone and began to dial the number for Marsha’s agent, the same number she’d left for her, placing it right next to the phone in every room of the suite when she’d arrived. Chances were high the dippy bitch didn’t even know she hadn’t been on the plane with her.      It wasn’t the first time Buffy had been threatened with her job. In fact, it was a weekly occurrence, and the truth was that they both knew if she did go, even of her own accord, Marsha wouldn’t even know how to get to the airport on her own.      Gill was still naked at her Bel Air home and had only slept an hour after going to bed and answering three emails, having four orgasms, two of which were huge, and taking six phone calls so far throughout the night.      “I thought you said the pair of us were in love” were the first words she heard from Marsha on the seventh call that woke her and her young man from Venezuela.      Gill sat up and looked at the young Venezuelan man lying beside her, wondering how the hell he kept himself so hairless and managed to look perpetually oiled.      “No,” Gill said, “you said he was a jerk. And let’s just get this straight—you couldn’t even remember the guy’s name, and now you're all cut up about him being with another woman?”      All the emails and calls Gill had taken throughout the night had had to do with this idiot from Vancouver who’d apparently been out with a girl driving around in a Ferrari like a crazy man and causing chaos on the dance floor in some club. All well and good, but the timing could have been better. Now this airhead was swearing at the person who was the only reason she, in this world full of skinny and beautiful women, was commanding so much attention and staying at the Ritz.      “But I’ve just gone and humiliated myself with the British press, saying I’m with this guy at the same time he’s going down on some chick on the dance floor!” Marsha said. Her head was spinning. Somehow she’d managed to find her way up onto the glass coffee table that was now beginning to wobble beneath her, and she was on the verge of ordering up a half dozen peanut butter and jelly sandwiches and then taking herself to the bathroom to be sick again.      Gill took a deep breath. Trying to calm the situation down, she said, “Don’t worry—I’m on it. It could be his sister.”      “It’s not his sister! Have you seen the photos? You don’t dance like that with your sister.”      Gill leaned back and began to rub her toes along the Venezuelan’s calves. She had seen the photos. In fact, she was one of the first to see them as they began to be sold and distributed throughout the local and foreign press. Spinning herself around, she reached her foot all the way up to the young man’s backside and slid her toe into the crack of his ass.      “Anyway,” Gill asked, “who’s this girl he’s dating? Did he mention anything to you about her?”      Marsha went silent and got down off of the coffee table. This was really starting to piss her off. Her last flame, an Eskimo she’d met while doing a shoot someplace where there was a lot of snow and it was so cold that they had to keep her in a hot tub for almost the whole day, had left her for an actress, and two on the trot was not going to look good. She said, “How the hell am I ever going to be taken seriously as an actress if everyone keeps stealing my boyfriends?”      “But you’re not an actress, Marsha, you’re a model.”      “But I might want to be one day.”      Gill had heard enough, and had had enough. The clock by her bed said it was five in the morning, and her man, whose name for the moment she couldn’t remember, was now fully erect again.      “Marsha,” she asked, “what time is it there in London?”      “One o’clock, why?”      “Because it’s five in the morning here.”      Marsha stayed quiet on the end of the phone for a moment, then asked, “Why’s that?”      “It’s because of the Earth’s rotation, Marsha.”       And Marsha answered, “Yeah, I know all about that. We did it at school—it’s what makes it get windy.”      ******            It was around the same time that Chendrill awoke to the slam of the door on Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari.      Dan came in, still smarting from a slap on the face from Melissa. He disappeared into the basement, oblivious of the fact he’d made the morning gossip papers’ headlines in Europe due to his antics some five hours earlier on the dance floor.      Chendrill lay still for a moment and thought about getting up and sneaking off, but something inside him said no. Go home to what? he thought. Tricia felt nice lying naked beside him, warm and smooth, her hair smelling clean and tickling his face as he snuggled up closer to listen to her faint, almost silent breath.      Slowly, he lifted his arm and began to softly touch her shoulders, gently stroking them, noticing the almost invisible blond hairs that were lit up by the faint light creeping through the opening of the curtain.      Then Tricia turned to him, her eyes dazed in that wonderful state between sleep and wake. “Make love to me, Mr. Bodyguard. Please,” she said.      Chendrill moved closer and kissed her gently, feeling the softness of her lips as they barely touched. His hand moved down, touching and slowly stroking her breasts as she let out the slightest of moans. Then he moved lower, caressing her tight stomach, and still lower, feeling her, stirring her.      Her nipples grew larger as he teased them gently—first one, then the other. They felt pert and hard beneath his tongue. He moved down, kissing and licking her stomach inch by inch until his mouth at last tasted the warmth of her love below.      Slowly, he slipped his head down between her legs, feeling her soft thighs against his ears and her legs crossed at her ankles across the small of his back. He felt her tighten as the sensation of his tongue against her sent shivers of ecstasy through her body. Her hands clasped whatever they could grab. He moved his tongue around and around her moistness, and Tricia began to breathe deeper and harder. Her mouth began to open to draw in each breath.      Then out of nowhere, the urge came sweeping through Tricia and she had to see him, needed to watch him down below, watch what he was doing to her. She lifted her head up from the pillow, opened her eyes and watched as the Thomas Magnum moustache on Chendrill’s upper lip moved up and down like a hungry, hairy caterpillar.      ******      	      Chendrill woke up just after six, moved slowly off the bed, and quietly began to get dressed. Tricia looked almost childlike in her sleep, her soft breath purring out from within. Leaning down, he kissed her gently on the top of her head and silently left the room.      He looked at the Ferrari as he stepped outside into the cool morning air and then to the bread van alongside it, its driver, with olive skin and slicked back hair, pulling a tray of pastries and bread loaves from its rear. He stared at Chendrill as he closed the front door and began to walk down the front steps toward the road.      Chendrill nodded and smiled as he reached the side of Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari and didn’t see anything more of the man until after he felt the baseball bat crank into the side of his ribs, knocking the wind completely from his body.      Chendrill went down onto the road, his knees buckling beneath him as the Italian baker walked back quickly toward his van, pulled out the tray of the pastries and French loaves he’d brought for his girl, and cracked the tray down on top of Chendrill’s head. Moving quickly before the baker could strike again, Chendrill whipped his left leg out, catching the baker on the outside of his knee with a hard kick, ripping the ligaments and destroying the man’s knee.      Screaming out in pain, the baker fell to the ground, his elbow cracking on the tarmac, the sharp stones cutting deep into his forearm. He tried to stand again on his one good leg, but Chendrill got to his feet quicker. Turning with a twist of his hip, he struck the baker hard in the stomach with his fist. Again the baker went down, he rolled, gasping, across the tight road toward his bread van, and Chendrill followed, picking up a French loaf along the way.      When the baker reached the back of his van and tried to stand, Chendrill whipped the French loaf down, breaking it across the top of the baker’s head. He reached in through the open back door of the van and pulled out one tray full of delicacies, then the next, and the next, crashing each of them down on top of the man’s raised arms and head.      Chendrill stepped back, away from the now empty van, and stared for a moment at the baker covered in flour, pastries, jam, three-layer cakes, and sticky chocolate muffins. Turning, he walked back to the Ferrari. Now it all made sense, he thought as he opened the door and Dan and his mother’s earlier conversation played back through his mind.      How’d you get a yeast infection, son? You tell me, mum… She likes Italian.      The cocky fuck.      Putting the car into gear, he pulled away, glancing at the mess he’d made of the baker and running over a couple of whole wheat loaves as he went.      So his new girl had been fucking the baker, that was obvious, and the thought of it saddened him for a moment. He looked at himself in the Ferrari’s rear-view mirror and wiped a couple of sticky currants from his hair and some flour from his huge moustache.      He took a deep breath, and it sent a shiver of intense pain through his ribs in the area where the guy had hit him with the bat. Fuck, he thought, it wasn’t the first time in his life his ribs had taken a hit. Bruised or broken, the pain was the same, and as the adrenaline began to leave his body, the pain was already beginning to set in. He had about four to six sleepless weeks ahead as they took their time to heal, that was a given.      The fucking prick, he thought, sucker punching him like that with a bat to the ribs. The vision of the baker sitting at the back of his van, covered in its contents, began to make him laugh, and the pain got worse.      Taking his hand off the wheel, he held his side and thought of taking himself to the hospital, but what would they do? He’d just sit there with a bunch of junkies at this time in the morning, listening to them screaming for ice water and a medicated hit of something to get them through the next few hours until the dealers could pull themselves out of bed. He’d wait, he thought, as he turned out onto the main road and took it slow around a corner, trying to ease the pain in his side.      So was she fucking this guy now, Chendrill wondered, or was he an ex? She didn’t seem like the kind of girl to be a player, but you sometimes couldn’t tell.      Then the phone rang, and it was Tricia, and the first thing she said was, “I’m so sorry. Are you okay?”      And Chendrill got straight to the point. “Is this baker your man?”      Tricia answered quickly, “No, absolutely not. I’m not that way.”      “Well, when he saw me coming out the house with a smile on my face, it looked as though you and him were in for a feast.”      Tricia was silent for few seconds, then she said, “That’s not the case. I finished with him just after you surprised me and took me for our first meal, and now he won’t take no for an answer.”      Chendrill stared out the window to the road ahead and remembered the tray of fresh croissants he’d seen each time he’d been to their home when he’d first met Dan. There had been none in the kitchen since that first afternoon they’d shared at the restaurant.      “No worries,” he said. “How is he?”      “He’s just stood up, and he’s limping badly. He’s trying to put his load back in the van.”      “Where’s Dan?”      “Where do you think? Sleeping. You could have put a hand grenade into the back of that van, and he’d still not have woken.”      Chendrill moved in the car’s small seat, trying to get comfortable. “Are you going outside to help him?”      “Do you think I should?”      “If you want him out of your life, then its best you don’t, but I’m not your dad, so please do as you feel necessary.”      “Thanks.” Then she said, “Chuck? I hope that what happened this morning hasn’t ruined it for us, because I really enjoy you, and I especially enjoyed last night very much. To be honest, I’m actually glad Dan stole the car and you stayed—but please don’t ever tell him I said that.”      Chendrill smiled. He understood why the baker had lost his doughnuts over her—all’s fair in love and war as they say.       “I feel the same way,” he said, “so don’t go worrying about it at all. Just let me know if he keeps pestering you, okay? That’s all I ask.”      He made it home and stepped into the shower, washed the breadcrumbs out of his hair, then stepped back out and looked in the mirror at the slight bruise on the side of his ribs. Fuck, it looked like nothing, but hurt like hell.      It hurt, but it was nothing compared to the pain Daltrey must have gone through or that poor kid Bernado who was haunting Dennis’s world. This brother of the gorgeous whore was out there somewhere, burning people without a care.      Fuck, what if the Russian came for me now, he thought, with this special trick Dennis said he did with flame. He couldn’t even stop a baker from getting the better of him when he was fighting fit, let alone some psychopath whilst he was in this condition. Slowly, he moved from the bathroom and sat on his bed. He could hear the police sirens and ambulances passing by in the city, seemingly filling his room with their screaming noise, assaulting his ears as they headed out toward Vancouver’s east side.      It had been nice with Dan’s mum, a good night, and she’d said to him the same. Apart from the end bit, he thought. But what was the deal with Dan? How the fuck had he managed to steal the car?      Wincing, he put his hands behind his head, closed his eyes, and thought about Dennis sitting in his small basement, his dentistry degree hidden away in a drawer. Fuck, those guys had really done him, the poor bastard, but what should he do now?      First, he figured he’d go back and put the squeeze on his beautiful wife again, but harder this time, tell her she’ll be going to prison for theft and possibly murder once he finds out the truth about this Bernado kid and Daltrey. Then he’d go find her brother, this Illya, and when he did, he’d make sure he had a fire extinguisher with him.      Three hours later, Chendrill woke to the sound of his phone ringing just before ten a.m. Wincing in agony as the pain ripped through him, he tried to get up and answered. It was Sebastian, who without any pleasantries said straight out, “I’ve got Dan here, and it’s an emergency—I need to see you ASAP,”      An hour later, leaving the Ferrari at a meter outside, Chendrill entered the offices of Slave. As soon as he entered the boardroom, Mazzi Hegan snapped at him.      “What was Dan doing driving my car last night?”      Chendrill looked around the room that was almost full of assistants.      Sebastian stood and shook Chendrill’s hand. “Please pardon my colleague,” he said, “There were none of his favorite pastries available this morning, and he loves his sticky chocolate muffins, so he’s been in a bad mood ever since.”       Turning, Chendrill looked at Dan, who was looking back at him, smiling. He sat in a corner with his shirt undone and his feet up, copies of the British and European tabloids laying open on the boardroom table.      Chendrill picked one up and looked at the front cover picture of Dan outside a club, sitting in the driver’s seat of Mazzi Hegan's Ferrari with Melissa beside him.      The headline above read Exclusive: Marsha’s Secret Love Caught Cheating with Canadian Porn Queen.      Chendrill stared at the photo for a moment then turned to Dan and said, “I thought she worked at McDonald’s?”       Dan didn’t answer, just shrugged as Chendrill opened another paper to see pictures of Dan looking incredibly handsome with his shirt off, whipping up a storm on the dance floor, on a podium, one of him on top of a speaker, another of him diving out, body surfing into the crowd, and then one of him leaning backward on the dance floor, his face right up inside Melissa's short skirt.      Chendrill stared at the lewd picture for a second and then turned back to Dan. “What are you doing here?” he asked.      Dan smiled. “The limbo,” he said. “I wanted to see if she was wearing any panties.”      Chendrill shook his head. “You shouldn’t be doing that with a young girl in a club.”      Quick as a flash, Dan said, “And you shouldn’t be doing that with my mum.”      Mazzi Hegan had heard enough. My God, these people, he thought. He was going to be sick, he knew it. He’d tasted fish once before as a younger man, and once was enough! The thought of this guy, who was stuck in the seventies, doing the same thing with Dan’s mother, who probably looked like some old washerwoman, was way too much.      “What was he doing in my car last night? He has no right to be using my car,” Mazzi said.      Charles Chuck Chendrill stared at Mazzi Hegan for a moment, then shrugged. His ribs hurt, and he could care less. All he wanted to do was lie down again for a while.      Sebastian lifted his hand from his fluffy dog and said calmly, “Everybody calm down, calm down. Mazzi, the car is not important. What we have to realize is that as crazy as all this is, we really have something special here, and I’m going to let you all know that everyone is going to have to act fast.”      Gesturing at Chendrill, he continued, “Chuck, I’ll fill you in. We all know Dan is an unknown. It’s crazy that, for some reason, he’s getting all this press. I’ve spoken to Dan and told him the clients are wildly ready to ride on the back of this controversy. They want to blitz right now all of Europe and North America with our advertising campaign.”      Chendrill couldn’t believe his ears. He sat down, gazing at Sebastian and then Mazzi sitting on the other side of the table. Looking back to Sebastian, he said, “And this is the big emergency you dragged me down here for?”
      