Charles Chuck Chendrill carefully squeezed back into the driver’s seat of Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari, dropped one of the printed versions of the British tabloids on the passenger seat, and pulled away. What a load of nonsense, he thought, bringing him all the way here just for that.      “It’s an emergency! We need you!” he mimicked.      They were going to put him up on billboards all over Europe. Big deal. They could put Dan on a billboard on the moon, and Chendrill could care less. Neither would Dan, come to think of it. He laughed to himself. Those photos in the paper were priceless. Taking his hand off the steering wheel, he held his ribs as he felt the pain shoot through him.      Dan had been funny in there, though, sitting there with his broken nose and his feet up, oozing out this I-couldn’t-give-a-fuck rebel attitude that made them want him even more. That in itself was worth the trip. He was a funny kid, Chendrill thought, a real character, he’d give him that.      Making it home, he went straight to his bedroom and lay on the bed. He turned onto one side, couldn’t get comfortable, and then turned onto his other side. Fuck, this was bad. That fucking baker. What did she see in that guy, apart from fresh pastries? Chendrill wondered. Dan would definitely miss him, although with his eating habits being somewhat similar to a dog, he doubted he could tell the difference between freshly baked and store-bought croissants. His food barely touched the sides of his mouth, let alone his taste buds.      Chendrill closed his eyes and tried not to breathe too deeply. He thought of Dan’s mum lying next to him a few hours earlier, her whispers and the tenderness as she kissed him.      Just as he felt the blood begin to flow, the phone rang. It was the office of Inspector Ditcon of the Vancouver Police Department telling Chendrill that the Thief wanted to talk to him immediately.      “Tell him to wait right there,” Chendrill said. “I’m coming right over. I’ll be there in ten minutes.” Then he closed his eyes and went to sleep.      Two hours later, the phone rang again. This time, it was Ditcon in person.      “You’re supposed to be here,” he said.      Chendrill sat up, holding his side. “And you’re supposed to be a detective. Besides, when did you get the right to tell me what to do?”      Ten minutes later, there was a squad car waiting for him outside his apartment building.      “We need to know everything you know about Daltrey,” Ditcon said as soon as Chendrill entered the office.      “I thought you were the brains around here,” Chendrill said, wondering if the subject of the Ferrari being driven at three hundred kilometers per hour or the shortage of bread and delicacies downtown was going to be brought up.      “I am, but I know you’ve been going to the hospital to see that girl who was assaulted several days ago, the same girl Daltrey had been talking to. I need you to tell me what she’s been saying.”      “Why don’t you ask her yourself?”      “We have, but she’s not communicating. The nurse said she’s been talking to a man of your description.”      Great police work, Chendrill thought. This clown didn’t have a clue. Out loud, he said, “She was telling me she didn’t like the food.”      “We’re not playing games here! We’re talking about a policewoman’s life!” Ditcon said.      Chendrill stared at the charts on the wall. Dennis’s name wasn’t anywhere to be seen. Turning to Ditcon, he said, “If I find out anything of importance, don’t worry, the first thing I’ll do is rush over here and fill you in.”      Ditcon ignored him and walked to the other side of his office. He stared at a chart, thinking it was obvious that Chendrill, a guy who couldn’t even dress properly, had a grudge against the Vancouver Police Department. He knew he was holding back information. Deciding to try a different approach, he said, “I know you’re a great detective. The force could use someone with your keen mind and experience. Maybe you’d like to come back in with us on this one, perhaps as a consultant?”      Chendrill stared at him for a moment. What a crock of shit. This guy was one hell of a weasel. He’d use him, have him here working it all out, then fire him the moment they had this prick of a brother he was certain had killed Daltrey, and who knew how many others, so he said to Ditcon, “I’d rather stick needles in my eyes.” Turning, Chendrill headed for the door and just as he opened it, Ditcon called out. “Just one more thing?” Reaching into an envelope, he pulled out Dan’s now charred electronic infrared door and lift opening device. “Does this mean anything to you?”      Chendrill walked back across the room to the desk and looked at the device a little more closely, its circuitry held together with tape and wrapped in wire as though it had been thrown together at the last minute by someone in their basement. “What is it?” he asked.      “That’s what we’re trying to work out,” Ditcon said. “We have a specialist flying in from Ottawa to let us know. We think that this electronic device is something Daltrey came across in the course of her inquiries and is possibly of key importance to the investigation.”      ******      Well, nothing’s changed there, Ditcon still had fuck all. Chendrill thought as he sat in the front seat of the squad car. At least he hadn’t been arrested for dangerous driving or assault. He looked at the kid driving the car, his hair cut short and his shirt freshly starched.      “You’re Chuck Chendrill, aren’t you?” the kid said.      Chendrill smiled, surprised. “Is that a good thing or a bad thing?”      The kid laughed. “Don’t worry. It’s a good thing. You know, there’s a sweep running at the station, they’re saying you’re running as favorite to finding whoever killed Daltrey.”      Chendrill looked at the kid and said, “Really?”      “You’re like a legend around here.”      Chendrill laughed. “Is that right?”      “Yeah, the rumor is you’re driving a Ferrari now.”       “It’s not mine.”      Then the kid said, “You know, I knew Daltrey. She called me the same day she was killed and asked me to follow this guy. I did it—but I fucked up and lost him.”      Chendrill looked out the window for a moment, watching nothing. He took a deep breath, the kid having his full attention now. “It happens.” He looked at the road again, wondering who the kid had been following for Daltrey. “Was the guy Russian with tattoos?” he asked.      “I didn’t get that close.”      “How old?”      “Late twenties early thirties, short brown hair. She had me pick him up outside the casino at BC Place.”      “In the afternoon?”      “Yeah, but like I say, I screwed up. He was wearing track pants, you know, the whole suit. Looked like an athlete.”      Great, Chendrill thought, that really helped. Daltrey had been on to Illya, no doubt about it, but something wasn’t right within the kid’s psyche. He could hear it in his voice. “Do you feel responsible?” he asked.      The kid nodded.       “Well, don’t,” Chendrill said. “She was a big girl, and there’s nothing you could have done to have stopped what happened. Whoever got the better of her did, and that’s the way it goes.”      The kid was silent for a while, then said, “That’s not what Ditcon said to me.”      Chendrill frowned and looked back out the window at the traffic. “Well,” he said, “don’t worry about that. He doesn’t know his ass from his elbow. If he did, he wouldn’t have been quizzing me. The guy could be sitting next to him on the bus, and he wouldn’t know it. But you would, so keep your eyes open and be careful. Remember, you’ve seen him, and he knows you’ve seen him, so you need to be aware of who’s around—and especially behind you—all the time.”      The kid laughed, but Chendrill was thinking about how he had been so loved up this morning that he didn’t put two and two together, and a baseball bat in the ribs was the result.      “What’s your name?” he asked the kid.      “Williams.”      Nice to meet you.”      “Thanks. I told Ditcon and gave him a description of the guy, but that’s as far as it went. I was thinking of finding you and telling you.”      “Well, you should have.”      “I just did—today’s my day off!”      Chendrill smiled. Another cocky fuck, he thought, then taking a deep breath that hurt, he said, “So what have you done to ease your mind?”      Williams slowed the car. He knew Chendrill’s apartment was coming up soon and wanted to get his time in. Turning, he looked at Chendrill. “I was the one who swam out into the creek and pulled the charred body in, and I think that the same guy who did that was the guy who killed Daltrey.”      Chendrill shrugged. “Maybe.” He paused for a moment, staring out the window to the world passing by, then he asked, “What else?”      Williams pulled the car over and turned completely toward Chendrill. “I’m certain the guy in the boat didn’t set himself on fire by accident, because if so, why didn’t he just jump in the water?.... And there were no oars in the boat. The girl who was assaulted around the same time could be involved. She’s Russian, and you asked me if the guy I was following was as well, so there’s a chance I’m right. Also, I know Daltrey had also been to see her a few times. The rumor mill says you have, too.”      Chendrill smiled and thought about the rumor mill, loads of cops sitting around in coffee shops on their breaks, shooting the shit about Daltrey, and this kid was out there instead, thinking, moving, looking, and actually doing. The young lad would no doubt do well unless the system broke him down as it had Chendrill. He liked him, this kid Williams, and he was obviously trying to find out what had happened, just as Chendrill himself was, but fuck he wished he’d get to it quickly as his rib was hurting something fierce. All he wanted to do was lie down for a while.      “You’ve been doing your homework. That’s good,” he said to the rookie policeman who was going to go far. “Do you know the name of this girl in the hospital?”      Williams shook his head. “They don’t know yet, and I shouldn’t say this, but Ditcon’s trying to find out.”      Chendrill let out a deep breath. God, they were way behind him. For a moment, he wondered if the kid was a plant. If so, he should be up for an Oscar because the iron and determination in his words were strong.      “I went around to the apartment where they found the girl to see if I could find out who’s name was on the lease,” said Williams, “but it’s registered to a third-party numbered company and subleased short term for cash. I also found out where the boat that was found burned up outside the apartment was from—it was stolen from the boathouse at the end of the creek. But whoever put the body on it did it from the marina close by the same apartment.”      Chendrill nodded. “How do you know this?”      “I asked. One of the guys who lives on a boat there had a fuel can stolen. I’d say the guy in the boat was murdered on the boat, set on fire, then pushed out onto the creek.”      Chendrill was impressed—the kid had been really busy. He asked, “What makes you think he was already dead on the boat?”      “I’m just trying to think about how I would have done it. You know, think like the killer. You’d have to be really strong to get a body down the gangplank, along the dock, and into that little boat. It would be easier to have walked the guy there, have him sit in it, then kill him.”      Chendrill gave it some thought. He had a good idea that it was the boyfriend, this Sergei character, who had been burned in the boat, but he hadn’t really put a lot of time into working out how he’d ended up there. When he was a cop, he’d have gotten those details later in the interrogation room, staring at a guy for days sometimes until he got so bored he started talking. But now he looked for dogs and babysat kids for a grand a day.      He looked straight at Williams and said with concern in his voice, “You’re right, but don’t ever forget what I said. Daltrey was killed less than a block from the place, so be careful. It’s all good going out there doing the right thing, but never forget why you’re there in the first place.”      Williams dropped Chendrill off at his apartment on the water at the edge of Stanley Park and took the long way back through the park to the station. He was single now—for the moment anyway—so what else did he have to do? The news of Daltrey’s death had hit him hard, and he’d taken full responsibility for her untimely end and had hardly slept since. The moment he’d heard through the grapevine that Ditcon had Chendrill in his office, he’d put his best uniform on and rushed in and made sure he would be the one to drive him home.      He knew deep down that the guy in the track pants was responsible for Daltrey's death, but how the hell could he find him and then prove it? And where did he start? He’d staked out the same casino every day and night since, but nothing. Who the fuck was the guy? Daltrey had worked it out. Why couldn’t he?      Williams continued driving along the shoreline until he found himself parked in a corner, watching the front of the casino again, just as he had done almost every spare minute of his days since he’d heard the bad news.
      