Illya walked along the seawall and looked back toward the casino and then to the cop who’d just pulled his unmarked car up in the distance. He’d spent so much time there with his sister and her boyfriend that the place now felt like home, and it was tempting to go in, but he’d picked up a tail there, and the guy in the car could just be that person. Anyway, fuck his sister and fuck her boyfriend. They were gone from his life, and he would move on. If they did show up, he’d make them both pay and see how things went afterward with Sergei, if he was still alive.      He’d given the girl a drink that was full of knockout drugs. She would be sleeping for a few hours, which he knew she needed because work had been so hard. If she thought he did not care and wasn’t looking out for her, then she was stupid. After all, they were partners now. They both needed to eat and sleep, and he needed some new things to wear since the money was now coming back in.      He turned right and stopped in front of the high-end lingerie shop where Alla had bought her work clothes and stared at the mannequins dressed in lace in the window. This girl, who called herself Saucy Mary in her ad, was a bit bigger than Alla, and the stuff he’d made her put on was tight, which worked out fine, even if she continued to not eat.      He turned his gaze to the ‘For Him’ section on one side of the window. It was a place he liked to stare at and lose himself in for a while, then think about later.      The male mannequins stared back at him in their small, tight, glitzy underwear. It was tempting, Illya thought, to just go in there and buy a pair, but then fuck, he’d have to pay for them over the counter, and then the people in there would know the way he was. He walked on, embarrassed that someone may have seen him looking at the men’s section for so long. But God, it made him feel sexy.      Illya reached the end of the road, then stopped and looked back. Fuck those looked good, real good. He’d be able to strut about that fancy apartment with its designer leather furniture from Italy half-naked the way he liked, staring at his tattoo-covered body in the mirror. Turning around, he walked the short distance back to the shop, and without looking at the window again, stepped inside.      The girl behind the counter smiled widely as Illya entered. He walked straight to the women’s lingerie section and heard her call out to him, “Let me know if you have any questions.”       Not wanting to make eye contact, Illya nodded and wandered around looking at the women’s Basques, matching knickers and bras he had no interest in. He reached the section where the clothing especially designed for guys hung. Spotting the pair of the glitzy designer underwear he’d seen in the window, he walked away, stopped, took a deep breath, turned back, and picked up a pair from the rack. Turning quickly, he walked back across the shop, plopped them on the counter, and wished he’d walked straight out the door, when he heard the girl say, “Nice choice. These are incredible, just in from Milan. They’re really sexy. You’ll look great in them.”      Illya nodded and felt a flush of warmth through his body as he imagined being caught wearing them back home in Russia. “They’re not for me, they’re for a friend,” he said.      The pretty girl smiling back innocently saying, “Your boyfriend? Oh wow—he’s going to love them.” Illya stared at her, feeling the need to escape fill his whole being as beads of sweat appeared upon his scalp and across his back. Fuck, this was not good, he thought, really wishing now he’d never come into the store in the first place. Then just as he thought it couldn’t get any worse, the girl said, “I’ve got a friend who’s gay too—he just loves these.”      ******He made it home, back to the fancy pad that wasn’t his, with its leather sofa in front of the windows that looked out across the small city park, and its Egyptian cotton sheets in the bedrooms. Mary was still knocked out when he unlocked her door and came into the room. He stood at the bottom of the bed, listening to her soft, shallow breathing as she slept in a drugged-out stupor.      She was good-looking for a girl, and he liked the way she did her hair, keeping it blond but staggering the roots so it didn’t look bad as her hair grew out. She was starting to smell, though.      He untied her hands then went into the kitchen to fix himself a clubhouse sandwich with turkey, bacon, and a little bit of lettuce, just the way his sister used to make them for him. When he went back to the room, Mary was just waking. She sat up slowly, staring at him in a drugged daze.      “Are you hungry?” Illya asked.      Mary stared back at him, her eyes barely focusing.      “You’re starting to smell. You need to clean yourself up. There’ll be another guy here in half an hour for you to play with.”      Mary continued to stare. She closed her eyes and opened them again. She looked to the door and then back to Illya.      “Would you like a sandwich or not?” Illya asked. “And if you try to run, I’ll catch you and burn you to death.”      Mary nodded. She understood. She’d take the sandwich.      “When can I go, or are you going to keep me here and then kill me?” she asked.      Illya stood there, looking down at her. “I’ll not kill you as long as you are good. You will be okay. Work hard for us, and in the end, you’ll be so rich you’ll not ever want to leave.”       ******Chendrill got himself back up to his apartment and with great effort moved himself slowly so as he could lay himself down on the bed. The kid had him worried. He was upset and had obviously taken the burden of what had happened on his own shoulders. But at least he was trying, which was more than some—and more than he himself was doing right now. Closing his eyes, he thought of the pastry chef lying there on the road covered in his wares, this guy who made buns for a living and still had a hard-on for his girl. One thing was for certain, Dan was going to miss him.       Then the phone rang, and it was Dennis.      Chendrill got up again and made his way to the hospital. He parked the Ferrari at a meter opposite, took the elevator to the sixth floor, and opened the door to Alla’s room to see Dennis sitting on a chair next to her, holding her hand. Walking over, Chendrill held his hand out to shake and said to him, “I thought you’d be working on some big movie somewhere?”      Dennis laughed, and Chendrill could see there was a lightness to him now, almost as if the world had been lifted from his shoulders.      “Alla called me,” said Dennis, “and we’ve been talking and have something to tell you. When I get my license back, and Alla gets out of the hospital, she’s coming back to live with me. We’re going to move up to the northern territories where we can get our marriage and my dental career back in order.”      “What are you going to do when your brother turns up again?”      Dennis took a deep breath. “This is what we called you for,” he said. “Alla’s told me how you two have already spoken, you know, about how she offered to help you find him because she doesn’t want him interfering in our life together again.”      Chendrill remembered the conversation differently.      Alla looked up at him, and for the first time, Chendrill saw her beautiful smile, and looking into her green eyes, he understood why Dennis, although having been stripped bare by this siren, was still in love.       “There’s a guy,” she said, her silky voice flowing with an accent reminiscent of sunnier places, “who knows him. They were in contact many times throughout the day. He works as a concierge at one of the big hotels by the water, where the cruise ships dock. He may have my brother’s number.”      Chendrill nodded, quickly putting two and two together. Illya was the pimp, and the concierge sent guys his way. The concierge met him once a week or so for a cut. They were known for it, and a fancy little treat like Dennis’s wife would pay back good dividends.      “I take it he has a few other friends he’s gotten to know since he’s been here?” Chendrill asked.      Alla nodded, but then said, “There are other friends, but this is his best friend.”      “Does he meet with any of these guys at a set time every week?”      Alla shook her head. “My brother does nothing by routine.”      “But there are more?”      Alla nodded slightly, her beautiful eyes burning into his. “But all you need is the man I spoke of,” she said. “His name is Jimmy.”      “Can you get me a photo of your brother?”      Alla shook her head. “There are no photographs of him that I know of. He does not allow it. Like an African bushman, he thinks it will steal his soul.”      Steal his liberty, more like, Chendrill thought.      Then Alla reached out, touching Chendrill’s hand with hers. The drips in her arm and the wires that connected her to the machines above swayed. Her voice now tender, she said, “If you speak to anyone, please don’t tell them you were here with us.”      Chendrill closed his eyes slightly and with his head gave the smallest of nods. His response was obvious. He would not break this unspoken vow.      So Illya was obviously going for the big money and keeping himself unidentifiable in the process. The only hotels around that area were high-end, and enough wealthy tourists and businessmen passed through on the conference circuit to have kept Dennis’s wife busy.      “Anything else?” Chendrill asked. “Does he put himself out there in the papers for work, doing whatever he does?”      Alla shook her head and lied. “No.”      She knew there was the ad in the paper with the photo Sergei had taken of her looking beautiful in the lobby of the Grand for the world to see, her there in the back pages of the local rag with her face fuzzed out, showing off her long legs and ass, but she didn’t need Dennis to start looking.      “My brother,” she said, “he’s gay. He does not think I know, but I always have. He hates it and hides it well. There’s a place he goes sometimes, late at night after the bars close, at the back of the porn shops on the main drag off Granville. I know because I’ve followed him there.”      Chendrill sat back, surprised. This was a new angle for him. He knew of the place. It had been there for years and was part of the gay stroll circuit in Vancouver. A place to go that was nice and dark, where you could watch movies and get sucked off by a stranger when it was raining if that was your thing.      “And what’s his deal with the fire?” Chendrill asked.      Alla Bragin took a deep breath and closed her eyes. Then she said, “It started when he was a kid, and you need to be careful.”      “Do you have any idea where he could be now?”      Alla shook her head. “I stayed in one place, but he moves all the time,” she said. “Has new places lined up weeks ahead, overlaps them in case someone is getting close, you know, like cops or immigration officials or the other people he deals with in his world. Suddenly he up and moves, and when he does, even I don’t know where he is until he suddenly appears again. I don’t even know his phone number, but like I said, this Jimmy guy does.”      Then she went quiet, staring at the floor as tears began to well up in her beautiful eyes. Looking up again, she stared back at Chendrill and said, “Dennis and I had something special that Illya ruined. If I knew more, I’d tell you, I promise. I can tell you he’ll be somewhere close to downtown. That’s where he likes to be, hiding among the people. And please be careful. He fears nothing and no one.”      ******      Chendrill headed back to Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari and tried his best to squeeze inside without passing out from the pain in his ribs. He thought again how the baker had sneaked up on him and clubbed him with the bat.      Dennis’s wife came across lovely now, but evil people were sometimes lovely and charming, that was a fact. There was an appeal about them, something that set them apart from everyone else, and just when you weren’t looking, they’d stab you and kill you.      Dennis had been bitten once, but was happy to jump back in now that Alla had been hobbled. Chendrill hoped for Dennis’s sake she was worth the risk.      Charles Chuck Chendrill pulled the Ferrari up outside the Grand Hotel situated on the pier at Canada Place where the cruise ships docked and asked the doorman to watch it for him for a moment while he went inside. As soon as he did so, he was greeted by Jimmy, the concierge, at his station.       Going straight for the jugular, Chendrill said, “I hear you’ve been delivering guys to the Russian?”      The concierge stared back at this man who was on him without even saying good afternoon. “Are you a guest here at the hotel, sir?” he asked in a whisper.      “No,” Chendrill answered.      “Then fuck off, and mind your own business.”      Perfect response, Chendrill thought. Alla’s information had been correct. The guy’s confidence proved that.      “You’re Chuck Chendrill, aren’t you?” the concierge asked. “The private eye, the one who found the dog?”      Jesus Christ, Chendrill thought, is that all I’m known for in this town? Then he asked aloud, “How do you know that?”      The concierge came right back at him. “How did you know I knew the Russian?”      ******      They walked along the quay and sat in a bar along the way that looked out at the cruise ships and listened to the horns blowing loud so that everyone across the entire city knew the ship was leaving and whoever was sailing with it had an hour to get back on board.      “Most of the guys know him,” the concierge said, “but not as well. Sadly, to do my job, I have to get to know these people and others like this guy you’re looking for. For me, it’s not all about the best seat in the restaurant and front row center tickets when Sting’s in town. I have to delve into the shady side of life.”      And he did it well. Well enough, even, to go tell some smart ass asking questions where to go. Jimmy Tucker knew everyone, it seemed, and was the man to see. With a smile, and for a fee, he could get you what you wanted or where you wanted to be, as long as you were staying at his hotel. No questions asked.      “I’ve never actually seen the guy,” Jimmy said as he took another sip from his beer. “He called up a year back and offered the first couple of times for free. So I sent some guy I owed a favor to, and he came back in a daze. Then for round two, I sent a regular who stays here over to give it a shot, and soon after, you know, this Russian was a regular.”      “And what about now?”      Jimmy shook his head. “No—I called a few days back and didn’t get an answer, so I gave up.”      Then Chendrill asked, “Do you know the place he operated out of?”      Jimmy shook his head. “No.”      Chendrill smiled. The guy knew. It was obvious, and chances were high he was the “guy” or the “regular” or both who’d been over. At some stage, he’d met the brother. How else would he be getting his bonuses?      “Do you mean no, you don’t know, or no, you aren’t going to say?” Chendrill asked.      “I mean no.”      Chendrill continued, “So if you were me, and you wanted to find him, what would you do?”      Jimmy stared out at a ship, its huge anchor chain having left a line of rust down the hull. A bunch of its crew members needed to get off their asses and swing down on a boson's chair with scrubbing brushes and some paint.      Jimmy thought for a moment, and then said, “Go ask elsewhere, like I said. I don’t know, but I do know he’s changed addresses.”      “But you don’t know where?”      “That’s right.”      “But you have his phone number?”      Jimmy shook his head again and stared back at the ship as the horn blew again, scaring the gulls and the tourists passing along the quay. With a smile on his face, he looked Chendrill straight in the eye, and lied. “No.”      Fuck, why give half the info and get clever with the rest? It was a power thing, Chendrill thought as he looked at the guy who had the keys to the city and a dozen season tickets to the Canucks in his back pocket. He was saying, without saying, “Yeah, I know, and now you know I know, but what the fuck are you going to do about it?”      The guy he was protecting had killed a policewoman a few days back and a few others scattered about. With the whore he’d been sending horny hotel guests to now lying in the hospital, this cocky prick could be on the list of potential burn victims. But if he told him that, he knew he wouldn’t care, so he just said, “Thanks, Jimmy. You’re a good guy,” and then bought him a huge meal and some beers for his trouble, stole his phone, and left him there to eat.      Chendrill walked around the corner toward the Grand and sat back down carefully into the driver’s seat of the Ferrari. He pulled out his phone and watched the short video he’d recorded of Jimmy punching the password on his own phone, then he pulled it out of his pocket and unlocked it. Taking a lead out of his pocket, he connected it to a small palm computer he’d left sitting in the Ferrari’s glove box and downloaded Jimmy’s phone’s contents until he had every message and every number Jimmy possessed.      Reaching out the car window, Chendrill handed the phone to the doorman, and said, “Your friend Jimmy dropped this, tell him he owes me one for finding it for him.” Then he pulled away. He kind of liked Jimmy, even if he was an arrogant prick, plus he knew a concierge with his hand on the pulse of entertainment in Vancouver would appreciate the trick he’d just pulled. And if he didn’t, then fuck him—that’s what you got for being smug.      He drove along through Vancouver, people staring at him in his car as he cruised by. Dennis was worrying him still. Seeing him in the hospital, so back in love with this Russian woman who was using him again, Chendrill wondered if the man had ever been out of love with her. Deep down, though, Chendrill knew in a strange way he was guilty also, using him like he was.       He pulled away again into the steady flow of traffic, telling himself he’d look out for this man and his woman. As long as Dennis was happy, and so was she, he’d leave it be, but as soon as trouble presented itself, and he felt the guy who’d been saved from suicide by cold water was being played again, he’d step in and do his best to straighten things out.
      