Sebastian was as happy as could be and was thinking about getting himself a new bicycle. It had been a while since his firm had had a hit, and without a doubt, they had a real big one coming with BlueBoy. This would be his present to himself.      The whole campaign was crazy and had been born from nothing. Where was the pre-planning, the late night brainstorming sessions with clients and creative producers? All it was was just a strange situation and some crazy photos shot on instinct by Mazzi. All Sebastian had done was not take it too seriously and call in Chendrill. He’d given him the Ferrari because he liked him—and liked to see him in it just as much—and even that had worked out, with Dan stealing the supercar and making the papers. And boy, the guy was funny. The pictures of Dan up on the stage, his shirt off, and then on top of the speakers with his shirt waving around his head, were priceless. And then there were those of him being dragged out by the bouncers in a fit of sweat, testosterone, and punches.      There was so much more to come. He could just feel it, the whole bizarre situation growing the way it was with a force of its own, each new chaotic element Dan brought to the table pushing the young lad further and further into the spotlight. From the chaos that ensued, Sebastian knew other contracts would begin to flow in from across the globe. It would be sensational.      Not bad for doing nothing apart from making a couple of phone calls, Sebastian thought as he looked around the bike store for one that looked as though it had the comfiest saddle and gears that were not too complicated. There was a time he’d have given blood or a kidney to a campaign and gotten nowhere, but that was what happened when you were young, he thought. But when you had your shit together and had experience, the ease of work comes along. It was certainly coming now, and all he needed to do was guide the reins and make sure it happened fast.      Sebastian was essentially a decent man who had only ever loved once, and that was a love that had lasted for twenty years of his life in a physical sense and would remain with him forever spiritually. They’d met as young men at art school in London in the ’70s, their love blossoming as they moved into a small flat together in Richmond on the outskirts of London, a beautiful place with a view of the River Thames and a small garden that led out to a short walkway up the hill toward the park, where herds of deer roamed free among huge oaks, and children ran feral. The pair remained happy and untroubled by society’s bigoted irreverence to their persuasion—until Alan died.      By then, Sebastian had made his name and more money than he could ever spend, and he would have thrown it all away, along with his fancy car and silk shirts and scarves, for just another day with his man. There was no one like Alan in this world. His partner’s warmth, his heart, and the compassion in his touch made him so special, and in the days since he passed, Sebastian had never wanted or longed for another.	      He'd looked. Of course he would. Nature’s way was nature’s way, after all. Why else would he keep Chendrill around if it wasn't partly for eye candy and having someone to call with his worries and know they'd be fixed with a word or an action? He was expensive, yes, but who cared? Sebastian was rich, very rich, and he was shrewd, soon discovering that taking percentage points on a new product was risky, but lucrative if they hit home. And how very lucrative this philosophy had become.      A few years before Alan had died, Sebastian decided to move to Vancouver, the place they both loved and where they had holidayed and played in the ocean and the mountains, breathing in the fresh air and sheltering from the rains when they came. It was a place of acceptance, and in that acceptance came freedom—the freedom to hold, the freedom to steal a kiss, the freedom to be who you were and wanted to be without fear of violent words or saliva spat in anger.      And now he was here living alone in Vancouver with only memories to hold onto almost everywhere he went. He ran his firm, lived his life, brought multinational corporations from London, Paris, and New York to the beautiful small city he now called home, and spotted talent and nurtured it to a level of success they’d have never achieved on their own. A man with his little dog, happy with himself as he whiled away his days, playing with time until he could see Alan again.      	******      Charles Chuck Chendrill reached Dan’s mother’s house and pulled up outside, squashing remnants of pastries left from his scrap earlier in the day. Wary of a second attack, he carefully stepped out of the Ferrari.      Tricia came to the door, and Chendrill was relieved that she was happy to see him.      The first thing he said when he entered the kitchen was, “I’m sorry about this morning.”      Stopping in her tracks, Tricia turned and spoke to him. Chendrill could tell by her voice she was still upset by the incident. “No, I’m sorry. I’m really embarrassed. Are you okay?”      “Don’t worry about it. I’m a big boy. Where’s the superstar fashion model?”      Tricia laughed then said, “He’s in the basement. He came in, complained that you made him get the bus again, said he was going international, then disappeared into his cave with a huge piece of pizza.”     Tricia pulled two cups out of the cupboard and placed them on the counter. There was something about this guy that she really liked, a sense of comfort she'd never felt before with any other man. He had this ability to make her feel at ease when she was around him, and there was never the awkwardness she’d felt with other men. He was, without a doubt, special, and as she handed him his drink, she saw the sparkle in his eye as he looked at her, and then the twinge of pain as he moved.      “You’re hurt?” she asked.      “It’s nothing. My rib hurts a bit, that’s all.”      “A bit?”      Chendrill nodded then said, “I must have twisted and pulled it.”      Tricia knew that was bullshit from the moment he started to speak and wondered about the baseball bat she’d seen sitting behind the baker’s seat in the bread van the one time he did take her to a place way out of town.      “Did he hit you with a bat?”      Chendrill shook his head and said, “No, a French loaf.”      Tricia laughed. He was a funny guy. Obviously, she was never going to get a straight answer. “I think Dan may have gone to sleep,” she said. “He gets pretty tired sometimes. Why don’t you and I go and have a little lay down ourselves, and I’ll have a look at whatever’s bothering you.”      Taking his hand, Tricia led Chendrill to the bedroom and watched him grimace as he lay down. Leaning over, she kissed him on the lips and stroked his forehead.      “I’m sorry about this morning,” she said. “I really am. I promise you that there is nothing between me and that guy anymore—and the truth is, there never really was.”      She sat down next to him on the bed and stroked his head and then his neck. Slowly, she began to slip her hand down his shirt. She combed her fingers through the hair on his chest as she unbuttoned, one by one, the front of his bright red Hawaiian shirt. Opening it fully, she moved herself down the bed a little and placed both hands on his chest, the palms of her hands tingling as they gently moved around and around. She felt his nipples grow harder with her touch. Moving her hands up, she reached the top of his shoulders with her fingertips, then brought them lower, flattening her fingers against his chest and pushing down hard, feeling his tight, strong chest muscles beneath his skin.      Leaning forward, she kissed Chendrill again on his lips, then moved her hands lower to his stomach as she began to kiss his chest. Then, heading south, she kept going, moving lower, inch by inch, kissing him, biting him, teasing him with her lips.      She reached his stomach with her mouth and dug her tongue hard down into Chendrill’s belly button, then moved lower, biting and digging her teeth into the fabric of his jeans as she sunk her mouth down on his crotch. Sitting up, Tricia looked at him, her eyes wide and excited as they connected with his. She felt the arousal in his groin, and still looking him in the eye, she unfastened his jeans button by button, exposing his cock laying tight and hard below his shorts. She touched it, caressing it, feeling its hardness and strength.      Chendrill watched as Dan’s mum took it out, pulling his clothing down off him and releasing his manhood into the open. Without speaking, she leaned down and took him deep into her mouth. He closed his eyes while she held it there, pushing down. He could feel himself in the back of her throat, tight and full. Then she pulled up slowly, licking his shaft, her tongue touching, stroking, teasing its way up and down and over and over his sensitive tip.      Tricia carried on as she felt his hand rubbing the smoothness of her legs underneath her skirt. Slowly she opened them, letting his fingers enter her and move further inside, filling her, feeling her, and making her moan as he gently caressed her.      She felt Chendrill tightening up more and more as her tongue worked its way around his penis, and just as she knew it was impossible for him to take any more, his phone rang, and it was Sebastian.      Stopping exactly where she was, Tricia looked up at Chendrill as he stared at the phone, then giving up and answering, he let go of her leg and heard Sebastian say. “Chuck! What are you doing?” Chendrill looked to Tricia, looking back at him with his cock in her mouth, and said, “I’m working.”      “You’re keeping an eye on Dan, right?”      “I’m at his place now.”      “Good, good. I have an emergency! And we don’t need any more trouble. I want him to appear mysterious, not act like an idiot.”      “What’s the emergency?”      “Mazzi Hegan wants his car back.”      That’s the emergency? Chendrill thought. “Well, tell him he can’t have it,” he said.      “You know how he was this morning, not getting his pastry? Well, he’s just getting worse. I’m not sure what to do with him these days. The other day, he made me so angry that I went home and smashed his plate against the wall.”      “His plate?”      “Yes, I secretly mark plates with people’s initials. Everyone’s got one—even you—and when I get really mad at them, I smash their plate.”      “You devil, you!”       “Anyway, today he said he’s going to quit. He said that after I’d told him the reason I’d taken the car off him was because I’d gotten a bill from Belinda saying he’d been calling her out at all hours just because he needed her to parallel park the car.”      “He’s been doing what?”      “Getting Belinda to come out and park the Ferrari.”      “Why?”      “Because he can take an amazing photo, but he can’t parallel park. And now he wants to quit!”      “Where else is he going to go where he can smash up yachts and starve people and nail them to the stage? Anyway, I thought you were the boss down there. Tell him he can’t have it. You need it to be with me right now, and who’s more important? What do you want me to do? Tell Dan to get the bus? We can’t do that. He needs to appear mysterious.”
      