Sebastian put the phone down and stared at the new bicycle he doubted he’d ever ride propped up against the wall of his huge office.      Chendrill was right. God, the guy was good. Dan needed to be seen in a performance car, and yes, he was the boss. He’d had enough of putting up with Mazzi’s bullshit mood all day just because he didn’t get his fucking Italian sticky whatever chocolate fucking thing he liked to have in the morning.      Walking out of his huge office decorated exclusively in purple grape vines, he opened Mazzi Hegan’s office door without knocking and said, “I don’t care what you say. Go get a taxi or some other car—I don’t care. Chendrill’s keeping yours. You can’t park it anyway, and he needs it to make your new superstar look good. Do you want some paparazzi prick spotting him sitting on the back of a number 22 bus and ruin all your good work by snapping him?”      Through the swirling smoky glass door he’d asked for when he first joined the firm, Mazzi Hegan watched Sebastian close the door to his office and head back down the corridor to his own. Well, fuck him! Why should that prick get to drive his company car just because Sebastian fancied him, and the guy wanted to look like Thomas Magnum? I mean, why? It was Sebastian’s car, yes, but what difference did that make? Dan didn’t have to get the bus. There were limos out there.      Opening his door, he bellowed out across the open office, “Go get Belinda! She can chauffer him about!”      He slammed the glass door with enough force to make noise but not smash it, then he sat down. It was a power thing, and he knew it—keeping him down like this, taking away the Ferrari he liked to stand next to but couldn’t drive. He should quit and move to Milan.      “Fuck it, I will. I’m going to Milan!” he shouted out loud so all the people who sat in those little booths in the office would hear him and know he was angry. He’d go there and live it up and learn to speak Italian, the language of lovers. He’d meet a nice guy or two and take holidays every month in all the European capitals he’d always wanted to go to. After all, who was the talent around here?      Mazzi stood and walked to the window and looked out at the advertising hoarding across the road. Tonight the crew would be coming in and changing it over. In the morning, he’d go out, get his breakfast, get a haircut, have his tips frosted, and come back looking sexy. And when Sebastian or any other motherfucker who worked here wanted to come in here and fuck with him, they could stare over his shoulder, look past his new hair, and see his work in all its glory. Then he’d say, ‘Go beat that, go get someone else who can produce shit like that.’ He’d nod and say, ‘Keep the car you promised I could use. Go and give it permanently to that cretin with the shirts who thinks he’s got style, because…I’m …Going…To…Milan!’******      Chendrill sat on Tricia’s bed with his shirt open, listening to her singing to herself in the kitchen as he read through the contents of Jimmy’s phone. There were hundreds of numbers, all with single names or just letters and abbreviations that meant nothing to anyone except Jimmy who had it all dialed in somewhere in his lofty brain.      Jimmy had told him he’d been trying to call the Russian, then stopped. He looked at the calls made and the numbers, then looked at the numbers called late at night when some Japanese guy might have been drunk and horny and wanting to try out a Western girl. There were a lot of numbers—too many—but one of them was Illya’s. His sister would know it, but she’d said enough, betraying her kin without going all the way, enough to get rid of her brother who was her pimp. but not enough to finish him off quickly. He’d have to work harder, go downtown later and snoop around, take a look inside the sex film booths used by the boys in town as a stroll, and bribe the people behind the desk to keep an eye out. He looked back at the phone and began to dial, waiting to hear the accent of whoever answered. When they did answer, he asked for the Russian every time regardless.      By the time he’d had a back rub from his new girl, another kiss and cuddle, and a nice sandwich and drink, he was halfway through the lists and still getting nowhere. And by the time he’d left Tricia’s house, reached downtown Granville, and sat in the Ferrari for half an hour, working his way through the numbers he thought could be Illya, he still had nothing. Plenty of restaurants, bars, clubs, scalpers, helicopter rides, travel agents, drug dealers, and S and M specialists, but no Russian pimps.       ******       Chendrill opened the car door outside a café, doing his best to peel himself out without causing too much pain. He straightened slowly and still felt the jarring pain rip through his side. He crossed Granville Street, heading up its sleazier side and passing drunks and homeless kids living in temporary camps erected in the odd empty shop doorway that smelled of piss. He reached the sex shop and looked at the window full of tacky, lipsticked mannequin girls with bad wigs and big tits, stretching their skimpy clothing to the limit.      Opening the door, he stepped inside and stared at the entranceway leading to the rear where the video booths were. Chendrill looked at the young girl behind the desk, rings through her nose and lips and ears, her arms covered in gaudy tattoos that meant nothing other than rebellion.      Looking up, the girl stared at Chendrill for a moment, taking in his size and his bright red Hawaiian shirt, then she said, "You have to buy the tokens here if you want to use the booths."      Chendrill shook his head and said, “I don't need to go in there. I just want to know if you’ve ever seen a Russian guy covered in tattoos, in his early thirties, with short brown hair."      The girl shook her head as Chendrill tried to make out the lyrics to the punk song she was listening to on her headphones. She sat there staring at him, her head bobbing to the music’s rasping chords. "You going in or not?" she asked.      "If you ever get a guy like that come through here, I'll give you a hundred bucks if you call me and let me know."      The girl looked at Chendrill again. With that bright red and yellow shirt and his big hair, she thought he looked like one of those cockatoos her grandmother used to keep before they starved in the cage after she died and wasn’t found for three weeks.      She only had another hour to go, and then she was going home to wait for her boyfriend to come over with some dope. Then they’d get totally wasted, completely fucked up, and she’d sit with him all night and talk about stuff they couldn’t remember the next day, like Astral circles and the moons that surround Pluto—Charon, Styx, Nix, Kerberos, and Hydra. Charon was her favorite because it reminded her of her boyfriend’s head when he shaved it. She knew he was special from the day they’d met at a party, and he’d slipped his hand down the back of her pants while she puked.      She pulled her black buds from her ears, and Chendrill could hear the lyrics burst out. "Give me a hundred bucks now,” she said, “and I'll keep an eye on the customers who come through here. Otherwise, I’ve got a lot of work to do, and it ain't worth getting into trouble. Nothing’s worth being fired for."      Chendrill nodded. What a crock of shit, he thought. You have to look anyway to see if they’re junkies coming in to rob you or shoot up out back or take money from your usual good God-fearing customers. Then he smiled and said to the punk rock chick trying to fleece him, “I’ll tell you what. I’ll make it one hundred now, and I'll give you another two if you let me know if he shows."      That was a good deal, he thought, probably three days’ money for paying attention and then picking up the phone—she'd do it. It was a lot, but who cared? Sebastian would be paying.      Then the girl said, "Give me a minute." She looked down to the catalog full of sexual aides and wares she’d been looking through, and without looking up asked, “You a cop?”      "No."      “You a queer?”      “Maybe.”      "What you want him for?"      Fuck me, what difference does it make to you? Chendrill thought as the girl looked up at him, her hair gelled into a pointed row along the center of her head, all colored red with yellow bleached streaks sticking up, reminding Chendrill of a cockatoo.      "I owe him money," he said.      "I doubt that. You got a photo?"      Chendrill shook his head. “Sorry.”      “Hang on a minute,” she said and got up from her desk, leaving through a doorway toward the shop’s office.      Chendrill watched her as she went, her tight jeans stopping just above her big black boots with their four-inch black soles. Then he looked around. The place was a sea of whips, lubes, DVDs, and dildos that made him feel small. He didn’t need to use this shit, all neatly wrapped in plastic and covered with pictures of sluts of both genders trying to look horny.      He thought back to the afternoon where he and Dan's mother had used only themselves to please each other, lost in their own world of passion and interrupted only by Sebastian and a strange banging from the basement.      He looked to the office door and wondered where the hell that mess of a woman had gone. Then he turned and leaned against the counter, pulled out his phone, and dialed the next number on his list. It was another restaurant, Greek this time, then another one straight after, then another. Then he hit the next number and heard a phone ring along the hallway that led to the back.      Fuck me, Chendrill thought, was that him in there, or was it a coincidence? He hit end, stopping the call, and the ringing ceased. Then he dialed again, and seconds later, a faint ringing started up again in the distance. Turning it off quickly, Chendrill left the counter and began to walk quietly down the hall into the darkness.      He reached the end and stopped, the inside now pitch black, faint lights coming through the doorways from the TV screens of the booths that had yet to be filled. Chendrill stood to the side in the gloom, listening to the moans and groans of the fucking and bad movie dialogue coming from the booths containing men in their own private little worlds.      Slowly, he moved further into the labyrinth of booths. It was darker now, and in the blackness, he saw men standing silently, waiting in the shadowy corners and alcoves for something. Chendrill stared at them as his eyes adjusted to the dark, his eyes discreetly scanning them for tattoos on their arms or Russian features on their faces. Fuck. These guys were creepy, he thought, and moved further toward the end as fucking noises and odd words crept out from the small plywood cabins.      Moving back, Chendrill waited, his eyes now fully adjusted to the dark. Pulling out his phone, he sank back further into a corner and dialed the number again. Seconds, later the phone rang and then turned off. Chendrill searched the darkness with his eyes. Somewhere out there, hidden within about a dozen cabins all clumped together in the center of this cesspool, was Illya.      Quickly, Chendrill checked his phone and flicked it to silent. If whoever was in the booths called him back, he didn’t want them to know he was there waiting. Then a door opened, and a man was exposed in the light coming from the porno movie still playing in the booth. Turning, the man walked out into the darkness, briefly stopping to look to Chendrill, hidden in the corner in his tight jeans and cowboy boots.      As the man disappeared into the darkness toward the shop front, Chendrill looked back toward the booths. Another door opened, and a man moved toward it out of the darkness, quickly joining its occupant and closing the flimsy door quickly behind him. Muffled voices spoke briefly, then there was silence before more coins hit the slots, and the movie started playing.      Fuck, Chendrill thought, what a place this was. A perverse world occupied by creepy people slipping around in the darkness like moles while the sun was shining outside. Another booth door opened, and a man stood in its doorway, faintly silhouetted by the dim light of the TV. Chendrill stared hard from his corner, trying to pick out the man’s features. The man turned and looked back into his booth, and as the light from the TV changed from a static flickering to brighter light, it lit up the man’s brown track pants and tattoos. Chendrill knew he had found Illya.  		******Illya hated this bit. It was nice in the booth, in his tiny room alone with his secret, watching guys kiss and fuck the way he liked and wished he could do himself. The room was dark and dirty with holes in the walls clawed out with pen knives or keys so that men could slip their cocks through and he could feel them and sometimes put his mouth around them like he used to while locked in the cell in Moscow.      But now the magic had been ruined by some prick who kept calling. He’d have to leave, get out, step outside onto the street without anyone seeing his face and knowing he visited this place. Nighttime was the best for cover, but soon the next loser would be coming over to give him his money, and the new girl would be working. He needed to wake her before that and get her to wash.      Illya turned and began to walk through the darkness, passing the tall gay guy with a big moustache wearing a come fuck me red shirt who'd been staring at him, hoping for an invite to come in so Illya could suck him off or fuck him in the darkness while they watched a movie. He passed into the brightness of the store without looking at the punk girl with the strange boots and hair, stepped into the real world, and began to walk back to his new place with the fancy leather furniture and Egyptian cotton-lined beds. He felt good, free now, his tracksuit hanging just right, still crease-free and styling after putting it back on in the darkness and tight confines of his booth.      He crossed the road and again saw the gay guy in the red shirt, leaving now, coming through the door, giving up on a sword fight in the darkness. He followed behind him, heading back in the same direction toward the city center.      Illya crossed another road, looking through a streetside window at the women in the hairdresser’s getting ready to go out for the evening and talking bullshit. The guy was still there in the background—walking, not fast and not slow, but just heading along on his way somewhere—not looking at Illya, but both knowing where they'd just been.      Stopping, Illya looked around at the guy, glancing to the fancy red Ferrari parked on the curbside outside the café. Illya opened the door to the café and went inside, ordered a drink, and sat down. The guy was now standing next to the Ferrari with the door open, staring right at him, inviting him in with a smile. Fuck, he thought, this was all he needed, some big homosexual guy hitting on him. He was good-looking, though, and that was a real nice car, the kind the gangsters used to get picked up in outside of the prison after being holed up in a damp pit of a cell for God knows how long. Illya, lifting himself up by the bars so he could see them through the small window covered in shit and slime, had watched them being greeted by a fancy car and a woman as pretty as his sister.      Illya looked at the guy as he slammed the door and hit the alarm, showing off with the beep-beep-bop. He could see him clearly now in the daylight. The guy was definitely good-looking. He had a nice big moustache, kind of sexy in a camp way.      What he'd have to do is just stare back at him as he had at other times when guys in town had had a hard-on for him and give his head a shake, saying no, and the guy would leave, realizing he was straight and wasn't like that.      Illya looked at his watch. He still had an hour to kill. The guy hadn’t been pushy in the store, had just stood waiting quietly, knowing what he wanted. Now he was out there staring at him, going for it. Illya thought it was cool. Why wouldn’t the guy want him? The guy probably thought he was a professional athlete after all. He was styling in his new tracksuit that hung just right, its creases hitting just above his expensive sports shoes.      The guy crossed the road and came toward him, not averting his gaze from Illya's eyes for a second. Illya watched him as he came into the café and walked to the counter, buying a large caramel coffee, extra hot and marbled. Then the guy walked with confidence back across the café and sat at the table right next to him. He looked Illya in the eyes, smiled, and said, “Hi!”      Illya stared at the gay guy, who obviously wanted him, coming on to him like this.      "What’s happening? You busy?" asked Chendrill.      "I'm not gay," said Illya, trying as hard as he could for once to get his English right.       "I'm sorry. I was just being friendly. I didn't mean to upset you. Hey, you know I saw you back there in that place. I thought, well, maybe…you know. You look hot, and I thought you might want to go for a spin in the Ferrari, you know, maybe around Stanley Park?”      "It's all cool," Illya said. He loved this, sitting here playing with this guy who wanted him and was trying so hard to get it on.      Then the guy in the flowery red shirt asked, "Are you Russian?"      Illya shook his head. “No, Croatian, from Zagreb.”      "You live downtown?”      Illya nodded, getting into it. "I'm actor here, working on a movie."      "Really? Wow, a movie star! Hey, who’d have thought? That’s really cool.” Then he leaned in and whispered, “You know, like I said, I’ve got my Ferrari here. What do you say you and I go for a spin and get to know each other a little better? Then maybe we could go somewhere quiet, or even to my place? No one needs to know. I don’t kiss and tell. Your secret is safe with me.”      Illya’s heart began to pound, and he felt a rush of blood give a little stiffness to his pants. Fuck, he should go with the guy, he thought. And then after that, he should start experimenting more, go to some of the bars down on Davie Street where the heavy bass music blares out, boom-diddly-boom-boom. Maybe meet some of those free-spirited guys who liked to stare, hitting on him with their eyes when he’d cruise by pretending not to be interested.      Then panicking, Illya felt the blood rush to his head instead as the embarrassment of being found out swept through him. He could hear his mother and father and friends laughing and his sister and her pretty boyfriend talking behind his back, both here and back at the housing project where men were real men back home. He looked up at Chendrill and said, “I have to go.”      Chendrill smiled and held out his hand. "That's cool. My name's Charlie."      Illya smiled and held out his hand in turn, saying, "Zadenko."      And the moment Chendrill had his hand in Illya's, he was on him like lightning, grabbing it firm like a vice. He lifted it in the air and ducked under his arm, spinning around behind him and wrapping his left arm around Illya's throat in one fluid motion. Violently, he thrust his left knee into the Russian pimp’s back, pulling Illya off his chair and onto the floor with enough force to take out another two tables as they fell.      In complete shock, Illya struggled, whipping his feet around and kicking tables and chairs all over the place. He felt Chendrill’s arm pull tighter and tighter on his windpipe. This guy was fucking holding him, pinning him to the floor with incredible strength. His right hand was stuck solidly between them both, held tight at an angle that immobilized it completely.      Desperately needing to free his hand, Illya kicked, lashing out with his left hand—punching, grabbing, scratching, but unable to release himself. Then with all his might, he began to wriggle vigorously, moving them both across the coffee shop floor. Pushing down, he got one knee to the ground and then the other. He lifted Chendrill, still glued to his back, and using his own weight against him, crashed him to the floor and heard the man cry out in pain as he released his grip on Illya's hand for the split second he needed to give it movement.      Suddenly from nowhere, a flame shot out between them, burning them both, sending a searing pain over Chendrill’s abdomen and across Illya's back and side. Instantly, Chendrill let go and quickly stood, banging out the flames burning through his red Hawaiian with his hand. Illya, staying down, lay there, breathing heavy, spraying flame from his right hand toward Chendrill’s face as he put out the flames on his own shirt.      Chendrill quickly stepped to one side of the flames. He picked up a chair and threw it at Illya, then quickly picked up another to shield himself from the flame. As Illya started to get to his feet, Chendrill went for him again. Suddenly, a small vial of glass shattered at Chendrill’s feet, and flame erupted below him. The chair he was holding caught on fire. Another vial smashed, and then another. Flame burst out, ignited by the vial’s now free and highly combustible accelerant.      Backing up, Illya kept up the pressure. Flames now came from both hands as he made his way toward the door. Reaching it, he opened it with a kick, stepped outside, and was gone.      Chendrill felt his face and could tell his moustache, eyebrows, and hair were badly singed. His face stung from the flames that had reached his skin. The fall to the floor and the full weight of this Russian madman hitting his ribs had almost knocked him out cold and had caused him to release his grip when he had the man pinned.      He looked around, the shocked baristas now steering clear of him as they threw water down, stamping out the fire with their feet. Pretty soon, the fire brigade and ambulance crews would be in here like the heroes they were, followed by the police, moving themselves from one coffee shop to another.      Without a word, Chendrill opened the door and left the shop. He was in real pain now, not just bearable pain, and the difference was clear in his breathing. Fuck, he nearly had him, he thought. The fucking guy was quick. He wondered if Daltrey had fought him, too, before he got the better of her. Leaving the Ferrari, Chendrill walked a couple of blocks, his eyes squinting with the pain from his ribs. He looked at himself in a store window. His moustache was badly singed, and his red Hawaiian shirt had been burned around his waist. He hurt everywhere. Jesus, that had been one hell of a scrap, fast and furious with no punches thrown.      He’d been too cocky, he thought, chastising himself, trying to be clever like that and letting his ego get the better of him, thinking he could use the gay angle, talk the Russian into getting into the Ferrari, then drive him straight to the police station compound like a hero. Nonetheless he’d nearly got him, and had the Russian gotten into the car to get to know him better, his plan would have worked, and if it had, it would have been legendary.