Well, I won’t be able to go back there, Illya thought as he entered his apartment building. He could see in the elevator’s mirror that his new brown tracksuit was melted on one side. Who the fuck was that guy, and how had he managed to find him in his secret place?      He certainly wasn’t a cop, not in that shirt. Maybe the guy had something to do with his sister and Sergei’s disappearance from his world, or maybe he was just a madman. Most people liked to announce who they were and what they were doing when they went for an arrest or were out for vengeance. They’d say something like the Moscow Police had when they’d come for him in the early hours, or like the guy from the next housing block had done when he confronted Illya after he had killed his cat. But this fucking weirdo had just seemed to want to suck his dick.      He stepped back into the apartment and unlocked the door to Mary's room. He looked inside and saw that she was still out. Checking his watch, he knew he had time to clean himself up and then her before the guy from the hotel was due over. He walked into the bathroom and stripped off his ruined tracksuit.      Fuck, that guy had been strong, Illya thought as he stared at himself in the mirror. Reaching up, he felt his neck and then his bad wrist that was aching again like a motherfucker. The guy was quick and had got him good. It was the first time in his life he'd been hit on properly by a real gay guy, and the guy had tried to kill him just because he’d rejected him, telling him he didn’t want to go for a ride in the park. They were a touchier and tougher bunch than he’d thought. God, it was all so odd.      He looked at his stomach and then his side. They were red and sore, but in his day in prison, he'd had worse and stronger men attack him. The difference was that they hadn’t lived.      “Whatever!” he said out loud. The guy was a madman, and if he saw him again, he'd kill him, burn the fucker to death like he should have done in the café and watch his eyes bubble up and melt. That’s what he would do, and that was that.       He rubbed some of the cream he'd taken from his sister’s bathroom on his side then walked naked into his bedroom and stared at his reflection in the mirror. He'd been really looking forward this evening to putting on his new designer undies and admiring himself for an hour or so in the mirror while listening to whoever it was fucking the girl in the next room, letting his imagination run away with itself.      He changed into his white tracksuit and a tight, black T-shirt and looked at himself some more in the mirror. Shit, he thought, it wasn't as good as the brown suit the fag in the shirt had ruined, but once upon a time, the one he had on now had been his favorite. Then his phone rang, and it was Jimmy saying he had another guy coming over soon. He also told him he should watch out as he’d heard there was this big guy, a private investigator, out there looking for him, but he didn’t know why.      ******      Chendrill sat on the hospital bed as the nurse dressed his burns. When the doctor returned with the X-rays of his chest an hour later, they both looked at the screen to see that Chendrill had three cracked ribs.      Fuck, Chendrill thought. Three? No wonder he’d been in so much pain. If it hadn't been for that jealous fuck of a boyfriend, he'd have been able to keep the Russian in the chokehold for just a moment longer, and he would have passed out. Now he was injured even worse, and had to keep watch over his shoulder to boot.      He left the hospital and checked his phone. There were several calls from Ditcon’s department, insisting he come speak to them. No doubt they'd heard about the fight and the flames involving a big guy with a loud shirt and put two and two together.      There were five more from Sebastian with an emergency and two from Tricia telling him he was the sexiest guy in the world and how much she'd enjoyed his visit earlier in the day.      He reached Mazzi Hegan's Ferrari, took the parking ticket off the windshield, balled it up, and threw it in the garbage can sitting on the sidewalk by the front of the car. Fucking pricks, he thought as he looked at the ticket now crumpled and sitting at the bottom of the garbage can, giving a ticket to Mazzi Hegan like that.      The café was now back to normal as though nothing had ever gone down. He got in the car, feeling the pain in his side with every twist and turn, then pulled away into the flow of traffic and headed home.******The first to call as soon he tried to lie down to rest his ribs was the man who was paying his wages at the moment.      “What have you been doing all day? I have an absolute emergency,” Sebastian said.      Another? Chendrill thought but said, “Go on.”      “The dinner party tomorrow night—we’ve got an extra guest.”      “And?”      “Well, you remember me telling you I’d accidentally dropped the plate of my favorite Royal Dalton dinner service?”      “Yeah, I remember. You said you smashed it on purpose. So what’s the problem?”      “Well, we’re celebrating, aren’t we? I told you, there are twelve people coming over.”      “And now you’ve got only eleven plates because Mazzi Hegan’s was broken in some sort of accident?”      “Exactly.”      “And there're no new sets of this type anywhere in the world, and you need me to track some down?”      “Correct.”      “And that’s an emergency?”      “Absolutely! What the hell am I going to do?”      Chendrill closed his eyes and breathed in deeply, but stopped just before the pain in his ribs became too much. “Why don’t you use another plate?” he asked.      Sebastian stayed silent for a moment, then spat back, “I don’t pay you a grand a day plus expenses to state the obvious.”      “I thought I was just supposed to be keeping Dan out of trouble.”      “Don’t go there.”      “Why the anger? I thought you were supposed to be celebrating?”      “I am, that’s why I’m so anxious. You took all day to call me back, and I’ve got a dinner party.”      Four hours later, it was one in the morning, and he had barely slept. Chendrill sat up and took another hit of the painkillers the doctor had given him, then lay back and tried to get comfortable. The thought of Daltrey—and even that kid he'd never met—getting burned by that monster was haunting his mind. Call the cops, he told himself. Do the right thing. Tell them this is the guy, and this is what he looks like, and call it a day. And tell them to get Jimmy the dickhead concierge at the Grand to spill the beans and be done with it.      But what if they fucked it up and someone else got burned in the process? What if they went in guns blazing like they do, and the wrong guy got hurt? There was a reason Daltrey operated alone, and Ditcon was not the only reason. 	      He closed his eyes again and thought of Tricia and wondered if the baker had come over again to cause trouble. And Dan? What if he was out there somewhere doing the limbo and making headlines again? Fuck, he thought, it was no good lying here like this, barely able to move from one side to the other. He remembered Muhammed Ali talking about his ribs after taking a pounding from Joe Frazier back in the glory days of boxing, before it became eclipsed by tough muscle guys locked together like limpets on the floor of an octagon cage.******At four in the morning, Chendrill was awake again. He lay for a while in the darkness of his room, thinking and listening to the night, then got up, took a shower, had a cup of tea, and got dressed. Half an hour later, he was sitting back outside the Grand.
      