Mazzi Hegan couldn’t sleep, either, and lay in his bed looking at the ceiling and the masterpiece he’d had painted there after being inspired by a trip to the Sistine Chapel a few years back. He was excited, and his excitement had nothing to do with anything that lay seven feet above him. He was excited because his photos were not only going national, but international. They would be displayed at bus stops, on trains, on billboards all over the world. They would be seen in London, Paris, Rome, Rio, New York, Sydney, Tokyo, and more, and it was all starting here in Vancouver this morning. Oh my God, he could not keep the excitement in check. He had to go full blast into the day—have himself a shower with all the jets on, dress in something super stylish and satiny, and get himself down to the Grand.      The sun was just breaking as Mazzi Hegan stepped out into the cool morning air and listened to the dawn’s chorus of birds. The Grand was the place to be on a day like this, having an early morning tea like the British and a patisserie or two, so fresh from the oven they melted in your mouth, their delicious filling oozing out as you bit down. What could be better?      He walked the next two blocks and crossed the road and then continued along the waterfront, listening to the water splashing up against the side of the seawall. He passed the small float planes getting ready for their first runs out to the islands, then went up the small hill to the Grand. Glancing briefly at a Ferrari that looked just like his, he stepped through magnificent doors built for a king to take a seat in the Grand’s restaurant.      I’ll spend some time here, get nice and comfy in one of the big leather chairs, and when I get out, the billboard should be up, he thought. He couldn’t believe his work would be up there on the hoarding across the road, a board purposely designed and perfectly positioned by Sebastian himself to capture the minds, hearts, and wallets of every hungry-to-spend tourist that came to the conference centers or walked out along the gangplanks of the world’s top cruise liners to admire this magnificent city. Today was going to be one of the greatest in his life and career so far.      Then he saw Chendrill standing at the concierge desk, holding the concierge’s hand and whispering in the guy’s ear.      “I knew it!” Mazzi said out loud, putting his tea down and staring at Chendrill, who was still holding the guy’s hand tenderly and smiling. “Busted! Outed!” he said as he stood and walked over slowly, slipping in closer to try to see what was going on and maybe get an idea of what was being said. He stood close behind Chendrill’s back, and looking over his shoulder, he saw the concierge’s fingers twisted back almost to the breaking point.      “Tell me, or I’ll be taking you out back, beating you, then bringing you around the front and showing you to the doormen,” Chendrill whispered.      My God, Mazzi thought, as he backed off slowly and went back to his chair to watch from a distance. Chendrill let go of the concierge’s hand long enough for him to write something on a piece of hotel paper. The concierge nodded cautiously as the two exchanged words and looked around to see if anyone in the hotel had seen the exchange.      Then Chendrill turned and walked straight over to Mazzi. Uninvited, he sat down next to him.      “Morning, Mazzi,” he said.      Mazzi Hegan nodded. He wanted to say something about his car, but after seeing what Chendrill had just done to the concierge’s fingers, he thought better of it. There was something different about the guy now. He wasn’t the soft, blow-dried, big-moustached teddy bear with an edge he was used to. His face appeared to be burned, and he was obviously in pain, but trying not to show it.      “What brings you here so early?” Chendrill asked.      Mazzi took a deep breath and decided to ignore what he’d just witnessed at the concierge desk. He smiled. Nothing—not even this guy who’d stolen his car and just broken the concierge’s fingers—was going to ruin this day. Taking another deep breath, and barely able to contain his excitement, he said, “Very soon, the electronic billboard outside is going to display my work for the whole world to see, and when it turns on, I want to be the first to see it.”      Chendrill nodded and smiled. “Really?”      Mazzi’s eyes lit up like a kid on Christmas morning. “Yes, really! I’m so excited!” Then Mazzi looked at his brand new Rolex and said, “Oh my God, it’s almost six already. Let's go look together!”      And as the doorman opened the huge doors to the Grand, they both stepped outside and looked up to the billboard. There, above the city, was Dan with a broken nose in all his glory, naked save for Mazzi Hegan’s shining silver underpants.      Mazzi couldn’t believe it. It looked better than he’d ever imagined. He jumped up and down and clapped his hands with glee. He stared at it, taking it all in. It was the first time anything he’d done was going global. He never wanted to lose this feeling.      “Oh my God, oh my God! It’s going to be a wonderful day!” Mazzi said.      And he wasn’t wrong, for as he turned to look at Chendrill, all he saw was the man passing by him in the Ferrari, on his way to see Illya, holding the Russian pimp’s new address that the concierge had just given him.      It was late for Jimmy and early for Chendrill when he’d arrived at the Grand. At first, the concierge had been cocky and threatened to have Chendrill thrown out.      “Why don’t you fuck off out of here,” said Jimmy, “before I call the security guard over and have him throw you out and make you look stupid.”      Then Chendrill had seen Mazzi come in and wondered what the fuck he was he doing there. He’d grabbed the guy’s fingers and whispered in his ear that the Russian fuck he’d been dealing with had been killing people.      There was a guy going there soon, the concierge had told him as he felt his fingers on the verge of breaking. Another Asian businessman, the type that always seemed happy when they were sent the Russian’s way and seemed to tip well on top.      ******Chendrill waited for the hardware store to open, then drove back through town, pulling the Ferrari up on the other side of the park from Illya’s swanky pad. He looked up at the building. Judging from the address—suite 408—the place had to be on the far right corner of the fourth floor. Either that or the apartment before it. Looking to his right, he saw another huge billboard of Dan, smiling and full of insolence. The idiot looked like he had something to say but couldn’t be bothered, when in reality Chendrill knew all Dan wanted to do was sit in his room, jerk off, and eat.      He looked back at the building. It was only a block or two from where he and Illya had had their fight the day before. The sneaky bastard had pulled his flame gag on him and got the upper hand, then gone around the corner to his place and had a lay down. The guy that Jimmy the concierge had sent over must be up there now, he thought, up there fucking some whore the Russian had teamed up with since his sister could no longer perform.      Chendrill sat and stared at the building and took a deep breath. His ribs still hurt, but the painkillers were working, thank God, taking the edge off at least. Soon, though, he knew they’d be hurting again real bad. There was no doubt about that.
      