Illya had been surprised to get a call so early in the morning. When Alla had been at her prime and working with him, he got calls almost twenty-four seven. No doubt things were starting to pick up now. The girl, Luscious Mary or whatever she called herself, was doing well and trying her hardest to work her way out the door. He thought that soon he’d have to give her the option of staying or cut her loose once he’d secured a replacement from Moscow.      The Asian guy had come around and, as usual, had not made eye contact. He’d handed over the five hundred dollars in cash and gone into the room. The girl, though, was really starting to smell, and her hair was getting greasier.      Who the fuck was that fag prick yesterday? he wondered. He had been thinking about it for most of the night. It sounded like he might be the private detective, the guy Jimmy with the attitude from the hotel had called him about. What would a private eye want him for? Maybe it was because of this new whore, he thought. Could be a few things, though, when he thought it through. Who the fuck knows? he thought, and walked back into the huge living room. He looked outside across the park. If that guy showed up again, like he’d decided yesterday, he’d just kill him this time and be done with it, that was certain.      Then he saw him standing on the other side of the park, looking back at him, calling to him, saying to him, “You want it…you know I got it.”      Fuck, the guy was hot. Fuck, he was so hot. Jesus, his stomach was so tight. There was sweat on his chest, and his nose was obviously broken, but he still looked good. Sexy, sexy, sexy like he’d never seen before.      Illya stood and stared at the billboard as Dan looked right back at him, full of attitude. He could feel himself getting harder inside his tracksuit pants. He continued to stare into Dan’s eyes as the inside of his pants tightened. This guy out there staring at him, wanting him. He said out loud, “Yeah you, guy, you want it. Yeah, you want it, don’t you?”      Putting his hand down his pants, he began to touch himself, rubbing his cock and staring at the guy’s dick in those tight silver underpants, just like the ones he’d just bought.      Illya looked toward the corridor and listened for Mary and the Asian guy. They’d be another hour, guaranteed. Slowly, Illya began to strip off his jacket and then his T-shirt. Next, he dropped his track pants around his ankles to the floor and stood there naked in exactly the same underpants this guy out there who wanted him so bad was wearing.      “You want me, don’t you?” Illya said quietly as he spat saliva down and stroked it into his cock, getting himself harder and harder. He’d meet the guy in the street down there or across the road in the park and he’d say, “Hi guy, my name’s Illya. What’s yours?”      Then the guy would say to him, “You’re really hot. I like your track pants. Are you an athlete?”      Illya would tell him he’s an actor in a TV series, then invite him up. They’d stand there in the middle of the room, and he’d tell the guy to strip. Then he’d grab him by the hair and pull his face toward him and kiss him hard just like the older guys had made him do when he first went to prison. He’d drag the guy’s head down to his waist and pull his cock out and ram it hard into his mouth, and the guy would love it and stare up at him, wanting him to—      Then Illya turned around. The Asian man was standing on the other side of the room staring at him, holding a huge-bladed knife in his hand.      “I killed your friend Sergei, the flashy blond guy with the fancy shoes,” Padam Bahadur said quietly in perfect English. “I burned him to death out on the creek, and then afterward, I went up to your apartment, and I hit your sister so hard I felt her spine break beneath my fist. And now I’m here, and I’m going to kill you.”      Illya stood there, still holding his dick, staring at the little man with his huge knife and unable to comprehend what he’d just heard. He saw a can of compressed oil and a lighter sitting close to him on the cabinet, and very slowly, shuffling his feet with his track pants around his ankles, he moved toward it, saying in his best English as he went, “Get the fuck out of here, you little slant-eyed cunt.”      Then Padam Bahadur moved toward him fast, raising the huge blade as the fire erupted from Illya’s right hand and shot out toward the man as he came. Illya moved again, back to the side, holding the flame out at the guy. He quickly leaned down, grabbing another canister from the tracksuit pants around his ankles, then with both hands blasting flame, he shuffled toward the man with full force.      Padam Bahadur retreated across the living room as the flame from the canisters sent out scorching heat, pinning him against the wall. He ducked and dove to one side as Illya moved in on him. Then he threw himself down to the floor, disappearing behind the leather sofa.      Illya kept the flame going, moving forward and looking to his side for the accelerants in the left-hand pocket of his track bottoms, which had slipped away from his feet and were now on the floor.      Fuck, he thought, wishing he’d kept his clothes on instead of stripping them off like he had, leaving himself naked and vulnerable. If he hadn’t been naked, he would have hit this Asian prick with some fuel by now, and that would have been the end of him in a matter of about a minute.      Backing off, he moved quickly to his pants and bent over. He dropped one of the cans, and reaching down into the pocket, he fumbled for the glass vials. Suddenly, the man came at him again, this time even faster, like lightning, spinning himself through the one flame Illya still held at him. Illya moved to the side and grabbed the fallen can again with his left hand. He ignited it with the flame in his right, but as quickly as it was lit, the flame in his left hand went out as he felt warm liquid running down his legs. Then, looking to the floor, he saw someone’s hand there, holding the canister.      The man backed away, nursing his face, keeping away from the flame Illya kept pouring out from his right hand. Then the man came at him again, spinning and twisting through Illya’s now solitary flame. Then as quickly as the last time, the flame disappeared as another hand hit the floor and Illya felt a searing pain rush through his abdomen.      Illya stood there and looked at his hands below him on the floor. Blood poured from both of his wrists, and he realized that the water he’d felt on his legs was his own life force pouring from his now open stomach. He tried to close the wound but couldn’t with his hands no longer connected to his body. His intestines fell out of his abdomen and hung over his tattooed skin. As he looked down at it all in disbelief, the man’s shadow approached again, and then his head began to spin, going around and around until it fell to the floor and stopped, and he saw his tattooed, blood-covered torso crumple before him as everything went black.      ******      Padam Bahadur stood over Illya’s body with the Gurkha knife in his hand, quietly paying his respects to the man he’d just killed. He could feel the burns about his face and had been surprised at the tattooed man’s speed and cunning. Why he was wearing such a ridiculous pair of underpants, however, was something he would for the rest of his life have difficulty understanding. The glass vials of accelerant lay out in the open next to the man’s track pants. If he’d reached them as he’d wanted and hit him with the fuel, he knew his days would have been over.      Walking away, he headed to the kitchen and turned on the taps at the sink. He washed the blood from the ceremonial blade that had been in his family for just over a century. Cupping his hands, he bathed his burned face in the cold, soothing water before tearing off a couple of sheets of paper towel and cleaning the blood and char from the fire off the knife. He walked back into the living room and placed it at the Russian’s feet.      It was not the first time Padam Bahadur had killed with a Kuri knife, and it would not be his last. His brother's Gurkha blade was as sharp and as strong now as it had been the day it had been forged at the rear of a craftsman’s home at the edge of his village in Nepal. It was a blade that had served him well and given the Russian man an honorable death. The Russian’s friend and his sister’s boyfriend Sergei had died by flame as he had deserved, while the Russian’s sister watched as she lay in agony with her spinal cord severed.      His work here was done.      
