Chendrill made his way across the road, carrying the heavy-duty fire extinguisher he’d picked up at the hardware store. Timing it just right, he entered the building, nipping in just as the door to the lobby closed behind him and Padam Bahadur stepped out. He walked forward toward the elevators, but catching the slightest scent of burned hair and clothing, he stopped and sniffed the air for a moment. Turning, Chendrill looked around to the Asian man, watching as he closed the cab door and disappeared down the road.      Pulling out the card the concierge had given him for the elevator, he made it up to the fourth floor and walked cautiously along its length, the scent of burning stronger now as he neared the corridor’s end. He reached 408, the last apartment on the right as he’d predicted, and stopped outside, listening at the door. If there was someone there waiting to burn him to death with a mini flamethrower, he’d be a sitting duck as soon as the door opened. Lifting the fire extinguisher up with his right hand, he tried the door with his left, slowly turning the handle. As the door opened, Chendrill quickly stepped back and lifted his right leg. In one almighty kick, he blasted the door open at the same time as he hit the trigger to the fire extinguisher, sending a whoosh of white cloud into the apartment’s hallway.      He crept inside and moved silently along the corridor, inhaling the stench of burned air as the cloud of white mist dissipated. Holding the large funnel from the fire extinguisher in front of him like a shield, he reached the end of the hall. Slowly he crept around the corner into the living room, and there he saw Illya there in the center of the room, decapitated and handless, his naked body lying in a pool of his own blood on the floor.      Somewhat relieved, Chendrill walked over, thinking about the small man who’d passed him at the door. He looked at Illya’s torso again, frowning at the guy’s underpants now soaked red in the blood from his gaping stomach, and then to the ceremonial knife at his feet. Tapping the vials of accelerant with his foot, he stared at Illya’s hands and decapitated head lying to the side of his tattoo-covered body, tattoos depicting his life that was now over.      Chendrill moved away, checking the rooms. The suitcase and runners he’d seen only days ago on the convenience store CCTV tapes were there now, sitting by the side of Illya’s bed.      The cheeky fucker, Chendrill thought as he looked back at Illya’s butchered remains. The guy's gall was incredible—to kill a police officer and have the nerve to just walk away as if he was on his way to the airport.      Chendrill made his way to the main bedroom and opened the door. The girl was lying on the bed, out cold, her hair greasy and her clothes in a heap in a corner of the room. Looking up, he saw the thin rope tied to the bedposts and the slight cut marks they had made upon her wrists.      “You deserve to be dead, you fucking monster,” he said aloud.      Carefully, he lifted the girl and tried to bring her around. Whatever she’d been given, she was out, but from what Chendrill could tell from her breathing, she would be okay. Placing her back down gently on the bed, he took his phone from his pocket and called Williams.      
