Padam Bahadur made his way to the airport in the taxi and thought about what he had just done. It had been a long journey, starting in his family home at the foot of the mountains in Nepal where he’d held the hand of his niece, Sushma, listening as she’d cried.      “This girl Alla from Russia,” she’d told him, “who was so beautiful and gentle and her boyfriend Sergei with his blond hair, so handsome and funny…”       They’d been out for drinks and to a concert, dancing barefoot in the park, and as the weeks went on, their friendship had blossomed. Sushma told him about Alla’s brother, who wore track pants but didn’t run, showing up uninvited, taking off his shirt when he drank, saying things in a way that scared her boyfriend Bernado, and showing off his tattoos of rats and flames. And then one day at Alla’s ex-husband’s house, he’d said to her, “You have to work now.”      “I didn’t know what he meant,” Sushma had told him as Padam sat by the window in his brother’s home in the Himalayan foothills, quietly nodding, understanding everything, watching her tears create small rivers that ran down her beautiful cheeks as she sat in her chair with wheels.      She told him the Russian had followed her inside from the outside patio and had then come into the washroom with his top off. As she’d stood there looking at him, frightened and confused, he’d said, “It’s time to use yourself for what God made you for.”      Her tears continued to flow, and she looked to the floor, saying to her uncle, “He told me it was time for a beautiful girl like me to use my pussy. I didn’t know what he meant. He didn’t look like he wanted sex, not like that. He scared me. I thought about Alla, Sergei, and Bernado outside drinking beer, and I tried to leave, to push past him, but he grabbed me by the hair and dragged me to the bedroom. And I was screaming and screaming, and then he hit me with a big book they use for the telephone. He kept on beating me and shouting at Alla and her boyfriend Sergei, who was holding Bernado back at the door. He kept saying, ‘I’ll make her like you. I’ll make her like you.’ Then Bernado broke free and came rushing in.”      Padam had watched as Sushma cried deep agonizing tears, tormented by the memory of a night that had destroyed her world. She’d looked up, and taking a deep breath, she continued.      “Bernado ran across the bedroom. And Alla’s brother shot flames at him, burning his face as he reached me. Bernado had his hands to his eyes, he was screaming, and Alla’s brother stood above him, spitting flame down, burning him more. Bernado spun around, trying to escape, crawling and screaming in pain to the window. The curtains went up in flames, and they quickly spread across the ceiling. I tried to get up, tried to get off the bed, but I couldn’t move my legs. I laid there helpless, holding my hands up to Alla and her man for help, but they just left me there. I was calling and calling for Alla—and then she came back.”      Sushma looked at the floor, her eyes red and bloodshot from the tears as she cried at the memory of how her Bernado had died and how for the first time she’d realized the Russian man with the tattoos had broken her back.      “She came back,” she said again as she lifted her head and looked into Padam’s eyes. “She came back, and she saved me, Uncle. She dragged me through the flames, down the stairs, and left me by the door, and that’s where the firemen found me.”			             ******      Padam sat in the rear of the cab, staring at the hairs on the back of the driver’s neck, and knew he had only just survived. All his years as a Gurkha soldier and the special training he’d received from the British Army Special Air Services in Hereford, England could never have prepared him for the speed of the Russian who fought with fire.      It had been a little over a week now since he’d arrived. Finding Illya had been easy. He’d been sitting there at the blackjack table of the casino by the water just as his niece had said he liked to do, his tattoos showing through the white sleeve of his tracksuit top, his eyes the eyes of a man to be feared. But a Ghurkha fears nothing, let alone death. His sister had been next to him, prettier than Sushma had described, living in dread not just of him, but of what she knew she was and was incapable of not being. Her sponging boyfriend leached off of them both, not caring and without repentance.      Killing the blonde freeloader had been easy, for it was clear as he sat there with the others, drinking and eating for free, that he was not strong and had never killed nor harmed a soul himself, but Padam knew he had been there, watching, indifferent to the young lives he knew were being cut short and shattered beyond comprehension.       He’d left the casino that night, passing the man on the bench who was about to end his life. He had walked his girl back through the night air to her apartment where she would suck the cock of a stranger, and had kissed her lips tenderly. Wondering if the beer he’d left on the bar would still be there, he had wandered back. Rounding the corner, he’d felt the pain of Padam’s fist. It had rendered him unconscious, striking his heart with such force that it stopped momentarily. In the darkness, Padam carried him over his shoulder down the gangplank and along the small wooden dock.       He’d had ten minutes to reach Alla’s apartment as he walked away from her boyfriend, who lay unconscious in the boat out there on the creek, his blond hair, designer clothes, and Mauri slow movers shoes covered in fuel, and as Alla stood there naked by the window, waiting for Padam to come to her from behind, Padam waited for the fuses to ignite and torch her man. As the flames rose up into the night, he thought of his niece and her fiancé, robbed of a life so precious, and how this beautiful and perfect woman had watched and done nothing as her brother had destroyed their lives.      As he’d stood and walked toward the naked woman, he’d told her it was her boyfriend out there burning in the boat. She’d looked back at him, confused by his words, and he’d stepped to the right, his clenched fist snapping out like a whip, striking her hard and fast with a blow to her lower back. The bones splintered as the twist of his knuckles recoiled away from her soft skin, and she had fallen, her face pressing hard against the long plate-glass window overlooking the creek. Her hands clung to it, but could not hold. The pain in her lower back took over, slowly rendering her unconscious as she looked out at the burning boat on the water, the flames lighting up the night sky.      ******            Many lights had been on in the apartments surrounding the creek as Padam walked back along the seawall toward the casino. Lovers out on moonlit strolls, watching the spectacle of the funeral pyre as it shone across the water, were oblivious to the small Asian who’d just killed a man as he made his way back to the Russian who would be sitting at the bar in the casino, awaiting a similar fate. Bored with drinking beer, and waiting in vain for his blond-haired friend to return, Padam knew Illya would make his exit, wandering home drunk, passing the quiet place under the bridge as he always did, and it would be there where Padam would take him and burn him alive as Illya himself had done to so many.      But it wouldn’t be that night, for when Padam arrived, discreetly slipping into the casino fresh from burning Illya’s friend and destroying his sister’s spine, Illya had gone. And as Padam gave up the wait and walked back along the seawall through the warm night air, he turned away from the fire trucks and police now busy at the water’s edge and headed toward the now empty apartment where the Russian, his sister, and her boyfriend had once slept. He passed through the city streets until he hit Granville Street, where he stopped and listened to the distant sirens only feet from where the Russian now sat after his urge had come again—an urge which had called as it had so many times before. An urge which had unknowingly given Illya a stay of execution, drawing him back to the place where he could find refuge, a place where he could be himself at the back of a sleazy store, locked in a murky booth, drunk and half-naked, listening to the groans of the men around him, hoping and waiting for another man, just as lost as he, to stick his dick through the booth’s jagged wooden hole and put himself at the mercy of the Russian psychopath sitting on the other side.
      