The taxi pulled up at the departure gate of the airport, and Padam stepped out, his face burned. Now that the adrenaline from the fight was beginning to dissipate, he could feel the tenderness in his skin with every facial expression.      He walked through the terminal and entered the toilet and looked at himself in the mirror. His clothes were singed. They could be replaced, but his hair was now gone at the front, and he knew from the spray of fire coming from the cans the Russian had so artfully held that the hair on his right eyebrow might never return. Leaning forward, he turned on the cold tap and filled the basin. He placed both hands into the water and splashed his face with the cool water to soothe his hot skin. The burn hurt, and it needed treatment, but despite being a long way from home, he was a soldier, and he was still standing.      After dabbing his face with a towel, Padam left the toilet. He stopped outside and looked up at the sign listing departures. The next flight out was an afternoon flight to London. Going to the States was his best bet, but he didn’t want to have to answer questions with the U.S. Customs stationed here at the airport with regard to his burns. He figured he should keep his head down and get to London, where he could show his status as a special services soldier and whip through.      His training in the army had taught him to get out as quickly as he could, long before the decapitated body was found and while the police were still scratching their heads as they had been since they found Sergei burned to a crisp out on the creek. He looked toward the check-in for the British Airways flight and for the second time that day saw Chendrill staring at him from across the terminal.      ******      Chendrill watched as the Asian man who had just decapitated the Russian stared at the departure board, trying to figure out just which way to get out before Ditcon got his act together and had the entire city locked down.      It hadn’t taken long for Chendrill to track the cab after calling the company and telling them he’d left his wallet in the one he’d seen Padam get into. Then he’d ripped the Ferrari as fast as he could toward the airport immediately after he’d made the call. Williams would be there by now, he thought, caring for the girl, calling an ambulance and letting the station know he and Chendrill had tracked down Daltrey's killer all on their own. But what do I do now? Chendrill thought as he looked at the small Asian man standing there, dabbing his burned face with a damp paper towel. The guy—a hero in Chendrill’s eyes, who’d gone in there obviously armed with only a short sword and taken on a guy with a flamethrower and won.      Then Padam looked at him and gave a nod of respect in a way only a fellow warrior could understand. Chendrill watched as the man began to cross the busy terminal. Arriving in front of him, Padam said to him in a quiet voice, “I am a Gurkha, and I have killed many people at war. The Russian and his friend deserved their fate and I have no problem with you, I wish you no harm—Now I ask you, man to man, to let this to continue to be the case!”      Chendrill stared at this little man who showed no fear, and he smiled. “Why’d you come all this way to kill him?” he asked.      Padam shook his head, not taking his eyes off Chendrill for a single second. “The moment he laid a hand on my brother’s only daughter,” he said, “he was as good as dead.”      “You’re referring to Bernado's girlfriend?”      Padam nodded. “The Russian broke her spine as his sister and her boyfriend Sergei watched. Bernado tried to stop him. The girl, Alla, saved my niece’s life, dragging her out of the room when the place caught fire. This is why she is still alive.”      Chendrill relaxed and awkwardly propped himself up on a small glass railing. He stared at the floor, thinking about the young kid struggling to save his girl and how Daltrey and the young man must have felt as this Russian’s flame got the better of them. Then he looked up at Padam and said, “I feel for your niece and her boyfriend, and for my friend, the woman detective who tried to catch him and died in the process.”      Padam nodded. He had heard the sirens that night from the small alcove he’d waited in across from the apartment Illya had walked away from on the night he should have died. He remembered the smell of burning flesh that had filled his nostrils.      “This is my biggest regret,” he said. “I should have taken him out conventionally the first day I arrived instead of making a statement the way I did.”      Turning, Padam looked instinctively through the crowds of people moving to and fro as a tow truck pulled up at the entranceway to the terminal.      “If I had done so,” Padam said, “your friend would still be here, and you’d have been spared your burns and the broken ribs you are now suffering.”      Chendrill laughed. Looking to the floor, he shook his head and said, “No, I got the damaged ribs from a baker.”      He looked up and saw that Ditcon and his guys were entering the building, and the Gurkha who had travelled halfway around the world to avenge his family was gone.
      