	Chendrill looked around the terminal. Padam was nowhere to be seen. He had disappeared into the ether of people like a ghost as Ditcon descended on him. Then, through the crowd, Chendrill saw him. Padam raised his hand in thanks from a line of commuters he’d blended into so perfectly before disappearing again like a ghost, the way the Special Air Services in Britain had no doubt trained him to do.      Ditcon arrived at his side. “We’ve been monitoring your car. You’ve been speeding, so it’s being towed.”      Chendrill shook his head. The man’s a fucking idiot, he thought. “Good police work,” he said, “but it’s not my car.”      “Where is he?” Ditcon asked.      “Where’s who?”      “The one who murdered Daltrey—the guy you’re looking for.”      Chendrill looked at the ground again, then discreetly scanned the terminal for Padam, now long gone. Looking up again, he said, “Daltrey's murderer is downtown. One of your police officers by the name of Williams is guarding him. Go see for yourself. He’s all cut up about what he did.”      “Where?”      And with that, Chendrill stood, took a deep breath that pained his ribs, and began to walk away. Turning back, he called out, “You’re supposed to be the detective!”      ******      Chendrill walked outside into the sunshine and recognized the smug face of the tow truck driver smiling at him. Slamming the door to his truck, the guy stared back at Chendrill, the Ferrari he’d been searching for now his once again, strung up on the back of his dirty oil-laden tow truck like a prize deer. With a smile that said it all, he pulled the truck away along the airport concourse.      Fuck me, Chendrill thought as he watched the Ferrari being dragged away. I solve that prick Ditcon’s case for him, and the only bit of true police work he’s done throughout the whole investigation is to track my car and have it towed. He watched as Mazzi Hegan’s Ferrari disappeared in the distance and then strolled toward the sky train.      ******The train was full when he got to the station. He squeezed himself inside and stood in among the travelers. God, he was tired, he thought as he wondered where the Gurkha who had no fear of death was right now. Nowhere near Ditcon, that was for sure. The guy was tough, small but solid, and Chendrill could only imagine the conflicts he’d been through in his career as a soldier. There was no doubt about it, killer or not, he was a good man and had come here to set the record straight.      Leaning up against a partition in the train, Chendrill closed his eyes and relaxed for a moment, feeling the train’s motion as it headed driverless along its concrete runway back into town. It had been a busy morning so far. All he needed to do now was get on with the real investigative work he still needed to deal with, like hunting down a dinner plate that was no doubt sitting on an obscure shelf in a department store somewhere downtown. Maybe after that, he’d go see Dan’s mum to be sure her son was behaving himself in the basement. He opened his eyes again to see Dan looking down at him from the advertising board laid out across the top of the train’s center doors. A group of Japanese students stood below giggling at the photo of Dan, naked save for Mazzi Hegan’s silver underpants. The girls looking up at Dan as Dan’s smoldering eyes looked down at them, the girls unconsciously shuffling from one foot to the next, their cheeks reddening, as their insides began to…Burn.            	The End.
      Paul Slatter grew up in London, England and now lives in both Canada and Thailand. He is married and has four children.         