Chapter One  Mazzi Hegan could still hear the clicking of the small stunt bicycle as it freewheeled around and around somewhere in the distance behind him. The guy had passed him earlier trying to look tough, once then twice, riding the bike with his knees up around his chin, giving Mazzi the eye, sizing him up as he'd passed.   Now he was out there still, cruising around somewhere in the background, the rear gears ticking as he coasted. He took a left, then a right—the roads quiet at 3 a.m. on a Tuesday morning in downtown Vancouver. He saw the steps for the small park just west of the convention centre that would take him down to the seawall and Mazzi Hegan took them quickly. If the guy on the bike was following him then he’d think he’d have gone straight on; and if somehow the guy’d seen, then he'd have to come down the steps. And if he did that then Mazzi himself could disappear into the darkness and wait it out, let the man go and then take the seawall back to his place that looked out across the city at the bottom of Davie Street.   Moving quickly, he reached the bottom of the steps. It was clear down there—well lit on the seawall, that is. The park where he'd hide if need be was dark against the silhouette of the street lights and apartment blocks on the other side. Mazzi carried on, listening as he looked around, hearing only the faint lapping of the water on the wall as the gentle swell hit home having travelled across the globe.   There was nothing, no clicking, no young man with a hoodie trying to look cool riding his little brother’s bike. Mazzi continued, thinking about the night—this guy he’d met earlier causing trouble like he had because Mazzi liked to drink, throwing a beer Mazzi should have already drank in his face, then leaving with Mazzi’s wallet while Mazzi stayed, alone with his phone sending drunk texts to anyone stupid enough to reply until the music stopped and security asked him politely to leave.   He carried on along the seawall, looking behind him at the steps as he went. Another man was there now in the distance, halfway down the wall looking through the telescope to North Vancouver on the other side of the inlet with its streetlights and industrial sodium burning light back across the blackness. Mazzi moved forward, looking behind him again at the steps and at the empty warmth of the trees lining the way. If the guy on the bike had followed on foot, sneaking down when his back was turned, he'd be trapped.   He continued on, the man ahead more visible now in the faint street light as he pulled his eye from the scope and looked back to Mazzi as he drew closer. The man young, in his teens, with a newspaper delivery bag slung over his shoulder, stared at him as he drew ever nearer. He looked to the ground, knowing too well he shouldn't and then looked up again just in time for the teenager to smile as their eyes met and say clearly, “Howdie partner!”  Mazzi carried on, passing the kid and looking to the ground again for another twenty feet, wishing he'd stayed up on the road, feeling for the phone he knew he'd lost when they’d thrown him out of the bar in his drunken state. Quickly he looked back over his left shoulder for the young man with the bag—he was gone now. Then looking over his right into the darkness, Mazzi saw him moving, following, hiding in the darkness. Feeling the knot in his stomach tighten, he spun around. In front of him at the end of the park just above the yachts all moored up and sleeping, the kid on the bike was waiting under a lamppost.   The fucking prick had corralled him he thought, steered him onto the steps, pushed him down them with his presence. Now he was trapped.   He slowed almost to a stop looking quickly down the bicycle path again, the kid with the bag nowhere to be seen. He looked back, the one on the bike doing nothing but sitting low in the saddle waiting, pushing him further into the darkness of the park again with his presence.   Turn, he said to himself, turn and walk back—head for the steps. The kid with the newspaper bag was no bigger than him, but what was in the bag?   He carried on, feeling the sweat on his back under his shirt—don't go into the dark, he told himself, walk up to the guy and carry on past him, that’s what you do—walk up, stare him down and let him know with your eyes he’s in big fucking trouble if he decides to get off his little brother’s bike.   That’s what I’ll do, he thought, I’ll say that as I get to him, say, hey fuckhead, come near me and you’ll wear that bike like a hat.   He could do it; he’d done it years before when he’d been bullied after school, passing a whole gang of older boys every day as he walked home. Mazzi thinking they were cute and wondering why they were calling him fag-boy and cocksucker. Way back then, when he was all confused. Then one day he’d come home with his mother, walking the same path and forgetting about these guys who always hung at the same corner trying to look cool. Seeing them and hearing them call him names as they always did, shouting out dogface and fagboy and asking if his mother was a dyke as they passed, Mazzi all tough like he should have been before when it had started, instead of there and then when it was too late on that hot summers afternoon, when the sun was setting and he’d lashed out blind and hit his mother in the nose by mistake.   But this time he didn’t have his mother’s honor to protect and could lash out without her getting in the way like she had. All he had to do was go for the guy, kick the fucker off the bike, thump him if he could land one and keep going till he started crying like his mother had after the gang of pricks had seen how hard he could punch.     Then the blow from the baseball bat the kid kept in his bag hit him across the side of his head and knocked him off his feet. His elbow hit the paving stones hard as he landed on the ground and felt the power of the kid’s foot hit him straight in his chest, winding him as the kid followed through with his other, spinning Mazzi’s head around towards the boats in the marina just in time to see the blur of a figure of a woman dressed like a guy running along the dock, clearing the gate just as the kid on the bike arrived. The woman screaming out at them both, “Get away from him you pricks—I'm a cop.” And she was, and her name was Daltrey. 
