Chapter Two    Daltrey stood above Mazzi Hegan and watched as the kids disappeared across the park into the darkness. The man now half up and back on his feet in his tight leopard skin trousers, stinking of booze, with blood running from his mouth.   How long has it been since she'd ventured outside, Daltrey thought as she stared at him, days or weeks? How long had she spent holing herself up in the boat she knew would be empty with her face and hands burned and what felt like half the hair on her head gone. Locking herself away, sitting there, crying for hours, feeling her hands shake, knowing she was a coward.   What had she been doing thinking she was so brave? Following the Russian like she had and failing herself, failing the street woman who'd been the brave one, the woman trying to protect her and being burned herself. The woman, without fear, doing everything and a terrified Daltrey had done nothing, except run. And run she had, like a kid running for their mother on the first day of school, with her face and hands burning from the flames the Russian had poured down upon her. Running both from him and from her shame.   Day after day, hour after hour, she’d sat locked away from the real world, too frightened even to look in the mirror as her delicate fingers felt her burnt hair. Waking from dreams of him coming at her spitting death, seeing this woman beneath him, who should have been her, dying, feeling the boat rock on the water in the dock as people passed, clonking the wooden planks with their feet, she’d hid and watched them looking in as she looked out at the world through portholes of pitted brass. Until one day, as if it couldn’t have gotten any worse for her, she’d felt her hands shaking as she saw something across the water, something that could only make her question her sanity—a poster of Dan standing there in a pair of silver underpants.   How could she have left her there? How could she have run as she did, Daltrey asked herself again, as she walked over to pick up a phone and handed it to the guy who should’ve know better than to walk alone through the park at night? ************  It was around three in the morning when Chendrill, the private eye who used to be a cop, arrived back at Dan's mother’s house and, using his key, crept inside and took a shower before climbing into bed.   A lot had happened over the last few days or so, and he was wondering if things could get any worse. Nearly burned to death, electrocuted, almost drowned, beaten in the ribs by a baker, kicked in the throat by a Sikh.   Things needed to start settling down.     Dan’s mother, Tricia, was stirring now, her body smooth and warm beside him. He could wake her and make love, but why, what was the point? All he'd do was be thinking about how long the wannabe gangster he'd just sent swimming out into the dark sea only hours before had taken to drown?   Then he heard his woman say, as she turned naked to him and feeling her light touch upon his chest, “I was beginning to worry again.”  Chendrill lay still and said, “There's no need.”  But there was and Tricia knew it. This man who was big and strong and took no shit from anyone, the guy who used to be with the force but now was paid handsomely to keep an eye out for her son, who, despite his newfound fame as a supermodel/actor, still lived downstairs in the basement.   Chendrill watched over him and had been staying with her since they’d become lovers. The night before, he’d disappeared and come back in the early hours with his hair full of salt, smelling of the ocean, with his shins ripped up and calves bruised.   He had been a mess—now she'd sensed the sadness after he'd returned again. She said as she leaned up and placed her head on his chest, “Something's upset you?”  God, Chendrill thought, she was right but how could she tell that just from him walking in the room? But she had sensed it, heard his breath, his silence. The way he lay himself next to her and didn't move. She asked, “Is it about last night?”  It was—a man with a diamond in his front tooth had tried to end his life and almost succeeded, and only a few hours earlier Chendrill had turned it around giving the same man a taste of his own medicine. He took a deep breath and, lying, answered, “No, it's all good.”   But it wasn't good, not by a long stretch. So already knowing the answer, but changing the subject, he asked, “Is Dan home?”  Dan wasn’t; his red Ferrari absent from its usual spot outside his mother’s small stucco covered two-bedroom home.   The truth was Dan had gotten back home from work and without showering jumped straight into his speed restricted racing car and headed into town to climb back into Adalia Seychan, who was now riding herself up and down on his cock with just enough light on in the hotel suite for her to see him but him not to see her.   Not that Dan cared.   He could have had the lights on full blast or the suite could have been pitch black and he'd have been happy. All he wanted was to feel her pushing down on him, her stopping as she felt him about to come every minute. He'd wondered what a woman's pussy felt like for years and now he knew—with hers all smooth and shaven and still tight for a woman in her fifties—or sixties, but who was counting—and all courtesy of a combination of yoga and a very talented surgeon who’d also done her neck.   Smiling as she looked down at him holding her waist with one hand and with his other in a packet of family sized Cheesies, she said, “You like that do you—when I ride you like this?”  Dan grinned and stuffed another handful of Cheesies in his mouth, the Rock Solid brand tablets he'd been given earlier in the day still living up to their name.   “If we’re going to be working together and you’re going to love me in the movie Dan, then I want the chemistry to be real—you'll need to know what I like, and I like this.”   And she did, she liked riding him and staring at his tight stomach as she let her thigh muscles bring herself up and down, feeling his dick on her cervix. She said, “You know what you’re rubbing inside me don't you?”   Dan did, he knew all about the sexual reproductive organs of a woman on paper and for the last few years had been trying his best to get as close to the real thing as possible, so he said, “Yeah, when I was a kid, the cat next door got in and started playing with one of my mum’s mice.”  Adalia stopped and looked down upon him, this young lad, sexy enough for her to dream up a bullshit excuse and leave her heart-shaped California swimming pool for Vancouver in the hope she could meet him. This guy, now inside her bareback, whose photo in a pair of silver undies had made her come her silk panties in the back of her blacked-out limo on Rodeo drive—her calling out to her driver through the communication device to make another four lefts so she could see him again. She said, “Oh!”  “Yeah,” Dan said, “Mum got all embarrassed, pretended it was the real thing, and chased it out into the garden with a broom.”  Then as Adalia pulled herself almost off of him and slowly dropped back down, she said, “That's not the best thing to be talking about when you're making love to a woman, Dan.”   And that's what he was doing at last, making love, or fucking and eating Cheesies—depending on who’s perspective you took. He heard Adalia carry on, saying, “You need to be telling me how beautiful I am, how much I mean to you. Make me feel like a beautiful woman. Tell me I'm special Dan—tell me what you want to do to me.”   Dan gave it some thought as he looked up at this woman he could barely see in the faint light coming in from the hotel suite’s minibar that he’d left open, then said, “I wanna fuck you in the ass.”   That, he thought, was what she wanted to hear—as it was all this other older woman who'd picked him up in the street and sneaked back to his basement a couple of nights back had kept saying. That is, before his mum burst in the room, turned on the ugly lights, and kicked her out.   “Really? Don't try to run before you can walk Daniel,” Adalia said with a grin to this kid who'd obviously spent too many late nights on the internet as he’d said it like a porn star. This same kid who could act and ad lib like a natural and with whom she was about to make a movie. The same kid who she was going to show to the Western world and turn into a star, so that when he was just that and the people had begun to forget her, she could let it slip they'd been in love and ride the tabloid wave until no one longer cared.   Leaning down she felt her breasts touch his chest as she gently kissed him on the mouth and said, “You think you can do that to me, do you big boy? Well why don't you start by fondling my breasts then, since you’ve got your big hard cock where it’s supposed to be—try holding me down on top of you and give me everything you've got before you start fantasizing.”  And raising her buttocks a little to meet him, Adalia pulled Dan’s hand from her waist and whispered in his ear, “Go on Dan, I'm waiting—touch my breasts, feel them, caress them, hold me down and fuck me as hard as you can and try not to come whilst you pound me until I have.”  Dan reached up and began to touch Adalia Seychan’s breasts with his right hand, feeling their softness as her nipples grew harder beneath his fingertips. He watched as Adalia closed her eyes whilst he lifted his other hand up and began rubbing both breasts with both hands, squishing them, tugging them, stretching out her nipples, pulling them away from her until Adalia worried he’d undo all the work she’d had done and asked him to stop, “Oh Dan, please be gentle with me.”  And with her own hands she pulled his hands up, placing them onto her shoulders. Then she said, “Hold me down Daniel, hold me to you,” as he looked up at her breasts, seeing them all covered in orange Cheesie stains and sticky crumbs from his fingers.   Adalia looked at him staring up at them as Dan panicked, leaning up quickly before she could see the mess he’d made; he took her breasts in his mouth and began to lick them all over. Closing her eyes in delight as she felt his tongue sweep across her breasts, his teeth nibbling at the crumbs around her nipples, Adalia saying, “Yes Dan, do that. Oh yes, Dan. Yes! Do that and fuck me, Dan. Fuck me hard.”  And he did begin to fuck her hard as he licked all the delicious flavored Cheesie grease from her million dollar breasts as she ground down, filling herself with his cock as Dan lapped like a dog with his paw on the edge of a ripped open empty bag of chips, getting every sticky morsel with long hard strokes of his tongue. Adalia moaning, Dan in double ecstasy and unable to speak, and eventually in the heat of passion they both came together, Adalia feeling every inch of her body shudder as her muscles tightened and the nerves along her back and down her legs tingled calling out to her as her wetness flowed out onto Dan’s balls. Dan feeling himself involuntarily unload as the muscles in his groin pumped his sperm into her the same way they had each time his mother had treated him to a papaya and he’d taken the whole thing to his room.  It was about the second time Adalia had come that night when Chendrill got the phone call as he lay asleep back in Dan's mothers bed in the suburbs on the other side of the city. Not knowing the number, he hoped it was Archall Diamond calling to taunt him, telling him he’d survived as Chendrill had himself the night before.  And as he lay there feeling Tricia's warmth beside him, listening to the breathing of whoever it was on the end of the line, nothing could have surprised him more when after a few seconds of picking up the few words she spoke through the tears he realized who it was and sitting up said, “Daltrey?” as she cried harder through the earpiece.   He got up again and walked naked to the window and looked outside on the off chance she could be sitting there. Then wondering what the hell was going on, he said, “Where are you?”   “On a boat, hiding—like a coward.”  It was hard to work out, this girl who he'd used to know intimately and who he believed, like everyone else, had burned to death just over a week before was now crying to him down the telephone. He stayed calm trying not to ask questions, yet still said, “Let me know where you are and I'll come see you.”  “I'm on a boat.”  “In dock?”   Then there was silence for a moment before he heard her simply say, “Yeah.”  Then even though he already knew she wasn’t, he asked, “Are you okay?”  “I've been better,” Daltrey answered as she choked back the tears.   Chendrill asked, “What's the name of the boat you're on?” And again heard Daltrey's silence. Then he said, “People think you're dead. There was a body in an…”  “Alley,” Daltrey finished for him. Then she said, “It should have been me but it wasn't… It wasn't and it should have been.”***********  Charles Chuck Chendrill walked through the darkness of the park, dropping further towards the water’s edge. In the distance, he could see the sun silhouetting the mountains as it lifted the morning sky from darkness. If he was right, Daltrey was sitting on one of the hundred odd boats tied safely to the floating wooden docks held tight by the steel posts smashed firmly into the seabed below.  He stepped out onto the dock, feeling it move as the rig adjusted itself to his weight, and headed into the maze. In amongst the tears and words she’d tried to speak she’d said that the boat was blue, but in the darkness blue could also mean black or brown or green. Then in the distance, he saw it with its twelve-volt light burning dimly in the galley.  He sat on the edge of the small bench in the yacht’s galley and stared at Daltrey as she used the sleeve of a man’s fleece she’d found in the closet to wipe snot from her nose. Small droplets of tears were falling on the formica table, her hair on the side of her head burned, old bandages and ointments from the contents of the boat’s first aid kit were still strewn across the small counters alongside opened tins of salmon and empty water bottles.   Daltrey not seeing the mess, Chendrill giving her time.  “He came at me out of nowhere with this flame gun. I felt my hair go first and covered my face, then somehow pulled my jacket over my head, then for a second it stopped and this woman was there and he was burning her face away… she must have been in the alley… She must have been trying to save me, she fell at my feet and all I did was throw my jacket at his face and ran. I ran and tried to get my phone, but it was gone and my gun and everything and I just ran and ran and I could hardly see.”  Then she went silent.   And that’s how it had played out that evening in the alley at the back of the luxury condo building where a realtor named Patrick watched women walking naked from his window. The man had come at her from behind, taking her by surprise. This Russian, who spat fiery death from his fingertips, throwing out a wall of molten flame, singeing her eyelashes and what was left of her already plucked eyebrows. She'd gone down, crawling on her hands and knees, as he'd walked behind her spitting death onto the back of her hair and the thick leather of her jacket. Then she'd curled into a ball as the Russian’s victims always did, covering their faces with whatever they could while the rest of their bodies burned.   Then the girl had come out of nowhere, pushing his arms away and, in the last moments of her sad life, saved Daltrey’s before the monster had stood above this heaven-sent angel who’d spent her life on the streets, selling herself for heroin and sending poison flowing through her veins, ended her harsh tenure in this unforgiving world.  Chendrill said, “The Russian’s dead. His past caught up with him before I could get my revenge for what I’d thought he’d done to you.”  Daltrey looked up, her eyes red and bloodshot.   “He did to me, what do you mean?”  “We all think you’re dead, Daltrey. Everyone thinks it was you in that alley. They found your gun there, your phone, your ID, everything.”  She sat there staring out the side of the small porthole at the picture of Dan lit up in his silver underpants out there in the far distance. Then taking a deep breath, without looking back, she said almost to herself, “Well maybe I am dead. I keep seeing things.”  “You look pretty much alive to me,” Chendrill answered, carrying on straight after with, “you’re upset yes, but your hair will grow back, your burns will heal.”  “What about the girl though, the one who died for me, will her hair grow? No it won’t.”  Chendrill stared at her, this girl who he used to date and who had been scared of no one but who’d hidden herself away in fear and shame. He still couldn’t believe he was here though, here and talking to her when only a few hours before he’d been wondering why he’d not heard about a funeral date. He said, “Can I ask a question?”   Daltrey turned away from the porthole and just stared, the morning sun catching what was left of her hair.   “Why’d you take so long to call?” Chendrill waited for the answer he already knew deep down. The girl needed time, time alone to come to terms with what had happened, time to process her shame and her fear of a man who was never going to rise again—not from the grave, as Daltrey had just done.  Then out of the blue, Daltrey took him by surprise, “I didn’t have a phone—but there were these guys, I was watching them and I could see they were going to fuck with this, this man, and then one hit him across the head and I just burst up and out of here on what must have been instinct. I got to them before the other could join in. Funny thing is, after the fuckers had gone and left the guy on the ground with a fucker of a sore head—I found this phone. He said it wasn’t his and when I got it back here, I found Sebastian String’s number in it and right below his was yours.” ***********  It was just past 6 a.m. when Chendrill got Daltrey to the hospital emergency at St. Paul’s and as they sat and waited to be fast tracked through the junkies asking for ice, Chendrill said, “The Russian you’re frightened of was chopped to pieces.”  Daltrey stared at him, feeling her skin tighten.   “He was?”  Chendrill nodded, stretching out his legs as he did, feeling the pain in his shins, “Yeah very much so, I saw him lying there up in his flashy suite, so you can forget about that fucker.”   For the moment that is, Chendrill thought, she was still a cop and there was little chance of her not getting torn apart with questions once the world caught up with what had happened—even if she was still in shock.   He said, “I’ll put a call in this morning to that thief Ditcon and straighten things out for you best I can, but there’ll still be questions.”   Then he heard Daltrey say with a sigh, “I can’t see myself doing the job anymore anyway—not now.”   And to Chendrill, it seemed that she wasn’t wrong. *************  Chendrill got back to Dan’s mother’s home just after seven to see Dan’s Ferrari sitting outside and the light on in his mother’s room. Letting himself in, he walked along the corridor, hearing his weight creak the old wooden floorboards beneath his feet. He opened her bedroom door softly to see her sitting up in bed reading with her knees up and her small delicate feet with her toenails painted red poking out from under the duvet. Looking up for a second, she briefly said before returning to her book, “I’m starting to get worried about you.”  And she wasn’t kidding, in her eyes the man could keep better hours, even though it was painfully obvious sometimes it wasn’t his fault.  But she drew the line at nighttime phone calls from women. Especially if they’re crying, she thought, and still looking at her book she said, “This woman who called all upset, it was so important that you had to go right there and then to help her with her problem?”   It was, Chendrill thought, but kept it to himself, instead saying, “I’m sorry it could have waited I agree, but, you see it was the girl Dan was seeing who everyone thought had died.”  Trish sat there taking that one in, staring at her book, the words now just a blur, this mysterious girl who Dan was seeing who’d been murdered and who recently Dan had suggested she meet for the first time at her upcoming funeral.  “And she called you instead of Dan?”  Chendrill nodded, then sitting down said, “Yeah, it’s complicated.”  “And you’ve slept with her in the past have you, you and my son have both fucked her I suppose?”  Wow, Chendrill thought, he wasn’t expecting that one coming at him from left field. There was no point in lying, so he just said, “A long time ago yes, but it was nothing.”   And regretted it the moment he heard her snap back, “Dan’s nineteen now and was dating her—so you’re saying you left my bed and run out the door for some girl, twenty years your junior?”  It wasn’t getting any better.   *************    It was almost an hour and a half later when Chendrill took the Aston into the flow of traffic and headed back towards the city still ruffled by what had been their first fight and for the first time ever he had been happy that Sebastian had called him with another ‘emergency.’  A fight with Dan’s mother, if you could call it that, an argument more like, comprising of him keeping quiet whilst his new woman vented and threw stuff. Like her son had warned him, the woman had a temper.   He took a left off the highway onto Hastings, passing the PNE on his right, the place looking deserted now with its empty rollercoasters and rides. Years before when he was a cop, he’d been called to meet a man at the exit of their biggest ride—designed to make you puke. A man who had somehow managed to get all his clothes off throughout its duration, throwing them into the air as the carriage twisted and turned until he arrived completely naked and sated to meet a young Chendrill at the bottom. The man saying it was an accident and how he just loved the ride as Chendrill covered him with a towel, declined the offer of them both going around once more, and put him in cuffs.   He hit the lights, trying to remember the man’s name and then remembered seeing him only a few days prior lying unconscious face down on the man’s living room floor. Now though there were other issues, like what he’d say to Ditcon as he’d promised Daltrey he would. The man who’d built his career off the backs of others’ careers was almost the sole reason Chendrill had given up on his. Wondering why he still had the guy’s number, Chendrill pulled out his phone and hit ‘The Thief’ on speed dial, waited for a moment, then heard Ditcon’s voice on the other end.   “Ditcon here.”  Taking a moment, relishing the words in his head before omitting—you stupid fuckhead—Chendrill simply said, “It’s Chendrill, I think you fucked up again—I just had breakfast with Daltrey.”  And hearing the silence as Chendrill’s words churned around and around in the mind of the most incompetent man he had ever met, Chendrill followed it up with, “Oh yeah and she’s decided she’s not interested in working with you guys anymore.”  To which Ditcon, gathering himself, replied, “Thank you for your information. We already know the welfare of Officer Daltrey and we are not at liberty to comment further regarding ongoing investigations.”  Chendrill hung up and let out a long breath, half throwing the phone down onto the soft leather of the Aston’s passenger seat, he said out loud to no one but himself, “Not at liberty? The fucking idiot.” Then he laughed. Why should I be surprised, he thought, the man had worked his way this far up the ladder without getting his hands dirty, so why should things suddenly have changed?   It would take about another thirty minutes for the phone to ring again asking him to come down to the station on Main Street for an interview and about another thirty for someone to look into all the hospital entries over the last week so they could prove they’d done some work and say to him, “We are fully aware of your and Officer Daltrey’s movements this morning,” or some other form of bullshit like it.  He reached Yaletown and parked up on the meter outside Slave Media and took the elevator up to the offices. The place was now a hive of activity since the company’s owner, Sebastian String, had decided—on a whim—to indulge Patrick, an old real estate friend’s desire for a life time makeover, giving him the go ahead to make a film only the writer could understand.   Chendrill reached Sebastian’s office situated in the corner of the building, knocked once on the stained window of the door, and stepped in to find Sebastian tickling the stomach of his dog Fluffy with a duster, who with the slightest movement of his head just looked at him.   Smiling, Sebastian said, “Fluffy loves it when I do this Chuck. Why don’t you see if you can make his leg kick?”  Chendrill shook his head and walked to the window putting his backside against the sill and watched this advertising media wizard in his bright yellow trousers and Italian shoes trying to send his dog into ecstasy. Then he said, “Is this the emergency you mentioned?”   It wasn’t, but there was one—at least in Sebastian’s eyes—and putting the duster down on his desk he said, “Mazzi’s called in sick.”  Chendrill looked at him, waiting for more. Then when it didn’t come he asked, “Is that it?”  “No. I think a sash window came down and banged his head last night when he was working late. Either that or he made it up and fell over because he’d been drinking.”  Chendrill waited again, this news being nothing new when it came to Mazzi Hegan, who he knew from past experience to be a party boy—and falling down drunk came with the territory. He said again, “Is that it?”   It wasn’t. After waiting in vain and wondering if Chendrill was going to ask if the man was okay, Sebastian carried on, “Well last night I was all alone and I didn’t want to bother you because I know you’re tired, so I let it go, but I’m not sure if you’d heard on the radio about this man who crossed the border a few nights back? Well, I’ve had this thought and its worrying me, it’s about the situation with the company and Gill Banton—you know, with Slave taking over the contract she had with Marshaa. Anyway, I was worried because I heard some noise outside my door last night and I thought it could be this guy who crossed the border, maybe he’s come here to hurt me.”  Chendrill stared at him for a moment, taking it in. He’d not heard on the news about the man stealing a U.S. Customs officer’s 4x4 and crashing it across the border two nights prior, but he did know about the incident more than anyone, because it was him. He said, “I can tell you, Sebastian, you have nothing to fear from this man.”  “But how do you know Chuck?” Sebastian asked, wanting to believe Chendrill.  “Because I know the guy who did it and his problem is not with you or connected in any way with you.”  Sebastian stared at Chendrill with his mouth open, then he said, “You know him. How? How do you know him?”  “It doesn’t matter, just relax and know you’re cool with this guy. However, if you’re worried at night at your place call the police, it’s what they’re there for and then call me.”   “I don’t want to be a pest Chuck, you know what I’m like. I’ll only ever call if it’s important.”  Chendrill did know exactly what he was like and at times wondered if the $1000 a day plus expenses was worth the ‘emergencies’ he had to deal with every other day—after all incidents such as ‘someone’s looking at my bicycle’ hardly categorized as an emergency. He did, though, get to drive the Aston Martin which was looking good below the window as all the pretty girls were passing alongside it.   He felt the side of his face, which was still sore, and thought of Dan’s mother. Chances are she’d have calmed down by now, but you couldn’t tell. Like she’d said after she’d slapped him, ‘at least you know I care.’ He looked back to Sebastian, held up the phone Daltrey had called him from a few hours earlier, and said, “I’ve got a question for you though Sebastian. Last night a man was mugged around the marina close to your place and he dropped this; strangely though it has yours and my phone numbers on speed dial.”  Sebastian looked at the phone then asked, “A man?” And before Chendrill could answer, he carried on with, “You see—I’ve got this friend.”  “The man who was mugged, you think?” Chendrill asked, as he saw Sebastian start to blush.    Then Sebastian stood saying, “No, not like that, you’re misunderstanding what I’m saying, we’re talking about a woman Chuck, a woman I met.”   “Oh?”  “I haven’t got a man, I haven’t. I’ve got no secrets Chuck, there hasn’t been another man in my life since Alan.”  And there hadn’t, Alan had been the sole reason Sebastian existed and since he was gone there could be no other who’d come close to filling his shoes. Except for Charles Chuck Chendrill of course, but that was a secret fantasy as he played for the other team, which in its own way only made it all the better. He carried on, “I’m friends with this woman Chuck, no kinky stuff though, so don’t get any ideas.”  Kinky stuff? Chendrill thought, male and female together, that’s the way he sees it.   “She’s so sweet, I met her in the park, we chat and she’s got such a wonderful family.”  “And?” Asked Chendrill, waiting.   “And she doesn’t have a phone… so I bought her a phone. And put yours and my number into it,” Sebastian said, smiling like a guilty child who was lying to his mother.   “And?” Chendrill asked again.   “Did I do wrong Chuck?”   He hadn’t, but in his mind what was wrong is that the woman took it. Chendrill asked, “What’s her husband do?”  “She said he’s looking for work Chuck that’s why I helped out.”   Chendrill took a deep breath; it was getting better by the minute. The next thing Sebastian was going to suggest was either the husband come and work with Chuck or Sebastian was going to buy the guy a car so as he could get to work.   But for once, he was completely off the mark, as Sebastian carried on saying, “No Chuck, I just bought them a house.”  Jesus Christ, Chuck thought—the man was a sweetheart and generous to the bone but who was this woman? He said, “What’s the woman’s name?”   “Oh I don’t know.”   Chuck took a breath, fuck me, he just bought a house for a woman and he doesn’t know her name, so he asked, “She has a first name?”   “Oh yes—Suzy.”   “Suzy? Right. And how old is Suzy?”   Sebastian thought about it, staring down at his dog as Chendrill waited—this man who was worth a fortune and could see through any level of bullshit in his own world was now talking like a fool.  “Maybe forty, but she looks younger.”   “Where does this friend and her family live?”   “They used to live on the East Side, but not in a home with a nice garden on the East Side. They were in sheltered housing Chuck, right in the East Side.”  Chendrill asked, “Where?”   As he picked up his duster again then put it back on his desk, Sebastian said, “Right plum front and centre to that nightmare Hastings Street with its drug and social problems.”  Chuck sat quietly for the moment still staring at the dog laying on his back showing off his dick. Then as he was about to speak, Sebastian said, “Oh, and she used to be an erotic dancer.”   A stripper? Chendrill thought, as he wandered around Sebastian’s office at Slave. Then turning said, “Used to be?”  “Yes Chuck, she used to be.”  “Why, is she too old now?”  Sebastian shook his head; this wasn’t the case, far from it. “Oh no Chuck, the girl’s still got it, she has a medical condition that’s all and I think it’s best we leave it at that.”  A medical condition, Chendrill thought and not taking the slightest notice of Sebastian’s hint at protecting the woman’s privacy asked, “What is it?”  “She’s got a bag Chuck. So like I said, let’s leave it at that.”  Well chances were high he wasn’t referring to Burberry or Coach, Chendrill thought, so he put it out there, “What type?”  "There’s more to it, Chuck. She’s unemployed now because she’s wearing a colostomy bag. And I don’t want to betray the woman’s privacy, so please let us leave it at that,” Sebastian said back in the kindest voice he could muster.   Okay? Chendrill thought as he found his way back to his usual spot by the window and carried on asking Sebastian, “Why’s this girl not taken a real job then, one where she can keep her clothes on, like everyone else?”  For some reason unknown to Sebastian, Chendrill had become hostile, he’d seen it building in him, ruffling his red Hawaiian which clashed with the car, then saw it run through him the moment he’d mentioned the lady used to be an erotic dancer. He’d said to Chendrill, “There’s nothing wrong with that Chuck, I’ve known a couple of friends who danced burlesque. They were completely sane; it’s an art.”  But it wasn’t art for this woman—that was for certain. Chendrill could feel it. It was a business, and in his eyes strippers were one short step away from laying down for a few dollars more than they could stuff into the lining of their panties when they left the stage.  Someone was coming after Sebastian and him being gay only meant that they were coming from a different angle. That was all, playing on the man’s softness and generosity. But how the fuck had whoever it was gotten this far so quickly?  Chendrill sat outside Slave at the wheel of the Aston thinking for a moment before pulling away. That one had taken him by surprise. He had asked when they’d met, and Sebastian, getting candid, said he’d been sad on the day after the fireworks when he’d seen Chendrill trying to be discreet holding Dan’s mother’s hand. Then the next day he’d been for a walk in the park and seen this beautiful lady crying and explained how he’d sat with her on the bench and heard her pour her heart out and how he’d got on the phone without a thought and bought this woman he didn’t even know a home, doing it on a whim. He’d told Chendrill how beautiful the place was with its big bay windows and how they met now occasionally in the park. Chendrill had stood there by Sebastian’s own window, no longer looking at the dog’s bollocks but shaking his head in disbelief.   Trying to justify himself, Sebastian had said, “Oh, I’m just letting them live there, Chuck—I’m not stupid.”  Sebastian snapped back at him in the kindest of ways, and heard Chendrill ask, “For free?”  “For now, yes. Until the family gets back on their feet. I did it because I was feeling sad Chuck and it made me feel good.  “It’s just a cheap place Chuck, old and cheap.”  Old and cheap? Anywhere in Vancouver old and cheap these days was going to be around a million dollars regardless if it was on the East Side. Chendrill had said, “Vancouver’s not cheap Sebastian.”  “Neither’s making a film Chuck, but I can tell you, buying that house and telling that beautiful lady she and her family now have a proper roof over their heads has given me more satisfaction than I’ll ever have shelling out on Patrick’s movie.”   It was a family of four, the unemployed stripper, her unemployed husband and their two boys, probably the same two ‘wonderful’ boys who’d stolen their mother’s new phone and who Daltrey had stopped from mugging the guy in the park.  Probably.   He took the flyover passing through the sports stadiums and headed towards Strathcona on the East Side of town with its trendy wooden houses full of aging hippies and families in rentals.   The address on the piece of paper Chendrill had squeezed out of Sebastian read, 2123 Salsbury Street. And just as he pulled up along the road from the newly purchased property which made his employer feel good, he got the phone call he was expecting from the Vancouver Police Department—a message politely asking him to come in for an interview.    Chendrill estimated that the house was at least a hundred years old and looked like any other on the street with its steps leading up to the front door and big bay window, except for the sold sign sitting in the front garden and the stacks of new furniture boxes and cellophane thrown down the side alley—from the extra twenty thousand Sebastian had splashed out to fit the place out.  He got out and walked along the road and stood outside, feeling the wind heading south away from the mountains, hitting the trees with purpose like an invisible ghost rushing away to nowhere.  Walking up the short stairs, he knocked on the door and waited until he heard a stir and then knocked again and moments later saw the silhouette of a slim woman with big fake titties walking towards him through the stained-glass window of the front door.   She opened the door and before she could speak Chendrill said, “Suzy?”  Suzy looked up at him, this big guy in a red Hawaiian and, still clinging to the front door, pulled her long hair from her face, tucked it to her shoulder, and asked, “Who are you?”  “Sebastian asked me to come over, see if you have anything you need sorting out?”  “Sebastian?” the woman asked, her face as blank as an empty cinema screen. Chendrill stared back at her in her tight top, clinging to her stomach and oversized bosom, and wondered if Sebastian had been correct about this bag.   “Yeah, Sebastian. The guy who owns this place.”   That did it, Chendrill thought, that jogged the memory as he saw the lights go on in her eyes as she remembered Sebastian, the nice kind hearted gay guy who just forked out over a million on a whim for this place because she was crying, kitted it out with furniture so the family could get away from the drug ridden neighbourhood where the woman probably used to work twenty-seven days out of thirty in a strip club.   “Oh Seb? Yeah Seb, he’s so cute.”  “Cute?” Chendrill asked and was about to carry on speaking when he heard the voice of a man call out unseen from the living room.   “Hey! Tell this Seb guy to get his ass over here and get rid of all that shit piled up in the alley for fucksake.”  Chendrill looked to Suzy and smiled, raising his eyebrows as he did and said quietly, “Okay, I’ll pass the message on.”   Then he heard the man, whose big boots were by the door and who did not bother to get up, call out again, “Tell him if it ain’t gone tomorrow, I’ll be doing it and he’ll get the bill.”   He’ll be doing it, Chendrill thought, this unseen unemployed man who’d just been given a home. Telling the guy who’d bought it for him to shift his ass or he’d be sending him the bill. Take it out of the rent, Chendrill thought, before he placed his hand in his pocket and handed her back the phone she’d also been given for free.   Suzy’s eyes lighting up, saying, “Oh my God, where did you find this?”   Chendrill looked back smiling and said, “The police found it, came round and said they wanted to speak with your two boys.”   Which in a roundabout way was half true, although in Daltrey’s mind she was no longer a cop. 
