Chapter Three  Ditcon sat in his office and fumed. So far he’d had everyone he could think of in there with him, one after the other and he’d shouted at them all. Now his throat was sore.   How the fuck could anyone in this day and age let something as simple as checking the DNA of a corpse slip through the cracks? Now he had to deal with it and on top of that he’d have to look that smug fuck Chendrill, who still wasn’t returning his calls, in the eye somewhere in the process.  It hadn’t been that long though and he’d be able to skate around the borders of truth like he did, hiding behind a closed door which only the Mayor could open. But there was an election coming up soon, so chances were that the sweaty prick would be gone and there’d be another guy he could bamboozle with the bullshit he had become so good at preaching.  Tell the guy what he needed to hear, bore the fuck out of him with charts and so many statistics that the man just stopped listening and started thinking about pussy or worried about the parks and bike lanes and looking good to the small percentage of people who’d bothered to get off their asses to vote in the first place.   He walked to the corner of his office and opened the small drinks cabinet with its secret bottle of vodka at the rear, cut a quarter lemon, reached down, pulled his underpants away from the crack of his ass, and poured a drink.   Chendrill, the big fucker, gone from the force but not forgotten. Still out there sticking a thorn in his side like he’d never left. A legend when he was here and even now, after he’d left, he somehow carried it on. Even driving a fucking spanking new red Ferrari, which Ditcon had managed to have towed. Now though he’d heard a report that the prick was cruising around in an Aston Martin.   Nonetheless, the guy was a mini Che Guevara in the local legend department. Minus the stupid shirts, Ditcon thought as he took a huge hit on the vodka bottle and sunk back the lemon. Walking to the window, he looked out, almost hoping to see Chendrill pulling in to the carpark like James Bond with Daltrey at his side looking all sexy like she did so she could explain to him herself just how she’d pulled a Lazarus and risen from the dead like she had. The woman was now well on her way to being a bigger pain in the ass and too smart to manipulate into the sheets the way he’d have liked to.   This woman, who didn’t sleep and who got results that he was never able to twist into being his own, where the hell had she been for the last week or so? Pretending to be pulling some barbecue action in the morgue that’s where. But what had she been doing in the background while everyone was asleep and who was the crispy-crunch impersonator waiting in the freezer closet in the meantime? It was all he needed, especially with what seemed half the Border Security workforce calling him every five minutes asking bullshit questions.   He picked up his phone and, finding Chendrill’s name, held his thumb just above the screen—one half of him wanting to push the button and to get a start at sorting the mess out, the other wanting to go back and reopen the fridge.   Maybe he should do both, he thought, and did the latter.   If he called, he thought, as he took another huge glug and followed it with a lemon, the big fucker will get all smug and say something back to him like ‘I thought you were the detective?’   Or some other shit like that.   Then he’d have nowhere to go but to eat humble pie. He closed the fridge door and felt the taste of the lemon on his tongue as he heard a slight knock on his office door and a female officer in full dress uniform—just the way he liked them—stepped in and said, “We’ve found her sir, she’s at St. Paul’s. Chendrill brought her there this morning.”************  It wasn’t often Ditcon rode in a squad car with the sirens on, but when he did he enjoyed it. The same young woman driving, nervous as hell, with her hair up and jacket pulled tight—it put the icing on the cake.   He leaned into the corner, enjoying the feel of the inertia squashing his body tight into the door as they hit a red and took a left onto Burrard as the lights and sirens screamed out. Fuck, he thought, this was what it was all about as he looked at the civilians holding their ears and staring at him looking cool in the back of the car.   It didn’t matter that he’d been told Daltrey was asleep; he wanted to be there when she woke so he could say something clever like, ‘You may think you’ve been hiding but I’ve known exactly where you’ve been the whole time.’  Then he’d give a little look to the girl driving the car with the sweaty palms after he’d ordered her to park illegally right in front of the hospital and insist she then join him upstairs so he could show off.  Or better still, he’d simply pretend the whole thing was part of a bigger plan that was in operation and, while Daltrey was weak, convince her she’d been used unwittingly as a pawn in a massive scheme and award her with a medal or something like that.   That’s what he’d do, Ditcon thought, as they smashed through the lights at Georgia, destroying the eardrums of anyone not smart enough to cover up.   It was all part of a bigger plan. And Daltrey had done such a fantastic job in her part of it all.   They entered Officer Daltrey’s room on the ward, Ditcon being noisy, making sure that he wouldn’t have to wait long for her to wake. As soon as she opened her eyes, Ditcon was right there—front and centre in his suit applauding, clapping his hands together with a smile as big as the window as though the girl had just blown the socks off a panel of judges in a singing contest, and with one fist clenched in victory he said, “You should be proud of yourself girl, real proud, we’ve got them now!”   And he’d left it at that, turning abruptly and exiting the room before Daltrey could make sense of what had just happened, let alone respond.  As they rode the elevator down to the ground floor of St. Paul’s, he turned to the young police woman hiding her titties underneath her heavy jacket and said, “Let’s just say ‘illegal border crossing’ shall we? That’ll give you some sort of clue as to why we burned all that extra gas getting here today.”   It was absolute bullshit, of course, but it sounded good and was actually completely feasible; after all, it was little bullshit gems like the one he’d spat out that had got him where he was today. Never let the truth get in the way of a good story, as they say, especially one that moves you forward.   Yes, at some stage they’d be a very high ranking official arriving in his office from both the U.S. and Canadian Border agencies once this young and sexy number dropped that juicy bit of gossip to the eight or so other officers who’d be sitting around her with their tongues out in Starbucks, but by then he’d have worked the end bit out and until then he was looking good.    So Chendrill could fuck off and suck his dick, he thought.  Ditcon stepped out first as the elevator doors opened and, seeing his car still sitting there in the street with the lights going, realised what a fuck up he’d just made. As cool as it was for him to have this fit young female officer with her hair up Starsky and Hutch it out front with the lights going so he could whip out the rear and hit the front doors with meaning, why oh fucking why had he not done exactly the same but at the other end of the hospital?   Then he could have carried it on, looking cool and tough, staring at all the sexy nurses as he went marching down the corridor crashing through as many double doors as he could with his badge shining brightly on the front of his lapel.   If he’d really thought it through he could have had two squad cars pull up full of cops and formed the diamond formation as he had on big occasion’s such as the Olympics, when they’d moved through BC Place like a flock of geese heading for warmer climates—him in the centre flanked by burly officers with attitude and dark glasses.    They reached the car and, opening the rear for himself, Ditcon got in and pulled out his phone, waiting for the young female officer to get in and thinking that what he needed to do now was avoid another sexual harassment issue like the last time and play it cool with this beauty.   He found Chendrill’s number on speed dial and, putting himself on speaker phone, began to rub his neck and shoulders; despite the huge traffic problem the car was causing, he signaled for the young police woman settling into the driver’s seat to hold off a moment on starting the car.   This time around he hit the button with no hesitation and, on hearing the legend that was Charles Chuck Chendrill answer, he said so that the young girl in the driver’s seat knew exactly who he was talking to, “Chendrill… Chief Superintendent Ditcon here, thanks for the enquiry earlier. We have Detective Sargent Daltrey fully secured at St. Paul’s but request that you hold off on making contact with her at this time while we deal with this border fugitive issue.”   “Really?” was all the girl heard Chendrill say as she sat in the driver’s seat of the squad car and played with her computer pretending not to be listening. Then she heard Chendrill follow it up with, “You’re telling me Daltrey was fine and working on this issue with the illegal border crossing two nights back—you’ve known this all along?”  “This is Police and Government Border Security business and I’m not at liberty to say at this moment,” was all Ditcon replied with the usual air of superiority he kept in reserve and pulled out whenever he had no idea what he was talking about.     “But I presume you know the identity of the suspect currently at large?” Chendrill asked.  Ditcon gave the officer a knowing look as their eyes met in the rear-view mirror and turned to look at the congestion he was causing outside, and said, “I can let you know yes, that we’re fully aware of the individual and his whereabouts.”  Then they heard Chendrill say, “Fuck me you’re good,” and begin to laugh, slowly at first, growing louder with each guttural roar building from deep within. Then settling himself, Chendrill said, “Are you going to continue to be a complete and utter cunt all your life?”***************   Chendrill stood on the opposite side of the road and watched Ditcon pull away from the hospital and disappear through a red light in the distance with the siren blaring.   He’d wondered what the hold up in the traffic was on the way to see Daltrey and, after switching back, had parked the Aston alongside the forecourt of the Wall Centre Hotel. He slipped the concierge a tenner and spotted Ditcon sitting in the back of the squad car. Then his phone rang.   Fuck, the guy was so full of shit, ‘yes, we’re fully aware of the individual and his whereabouts’ when in fact he was talking to the very same person to whom he was referring.    He crossed the road and found his way to the room where Daltrey lay in bed recovering as she should have been doing two weeks prior. He opened the door to Daltrey’s room and sneaked a look inside to see her lying there all bandaged up with her eyes closed and heard her say, “You’re supposed to knock.”  He was—he knew that only too well—and suddenly embarrassed by his own behavior, ran his hand across the top of his head and then his neck, “I’m sorry.”  “Don’t be,” Daltrey said, “you look more tired than me.”  She was right; he was. It had been a busy week and he was hurting all over, but more than anything he was hurting inside from the spat he’d had with Dan’s mother earlier that morning. He said, “You’re the important one right now.”  Then lifting herself up, Daltrey said, “Ditcon was just here.”  “And?”  “And he woke me up with his presence, then when he saw I was awake just gave me a standing ovation, said some shit about me being great, doing a great job, and left.”   “You tell him you’re out?” Chendrill asked as he sat on the end of her bed, and saw Daltrey look away towards the window as if the problem was somehow just outside.   “It’s hard to do anything with that man the way he takes over the room.”   “Take your time,” Chendrill said. “Don’t go crashing the door down like I did.”  And he had done just that when he’d had enough of Ditcon and left the force, crashed the door open with his right foot and stuck his resignation letter straight to the front of Ditcon’s sweaty forehead.  But that was years ago.  Daltrey said, “I don’t think I could carry on now, you know I’d always be that girl.”  “What girl.”  “The one that ran away and left a girl to die.”  Chendrill looked at her, this girl who was as tough as old boots but who was now distraught beyond belief with herself for doing nothing other than acting on basic instinct and surviving. He walked across to the small chair at the side of the sterile room and sat down, taking his weight off of his lower legs and said, “There’re only four people in this world who know the truth and two are no longer with us. For one, this is a blessing; for the other, a tragedy—which was not your fault. And if anyone ever hears about it it’ll have come from you and not me, and that’s a promise.”  “There’s this guy, though. I was up in his place watching before that Russian guy attacked me, maybe he saw?”  “Patrick, the realtor?” Chendrill asked butting in.  Daltrey looked up at him, “How did you know?”   “I’m a detective, you know that. As soon as I’d heard you were gone, I was all over it and was onto the fucker within a few days.”   “Which fucker?” Daltrey said, showing the slightest bit of her old self before sitting there staring into nowhere for what seemed an age. Chendrill noticed and gave her time, looking at the floor.   Then she asked, “So, you met him then?”  “I met them both. The Russian in a café where he got away and Patrick—along with his teeth—except he wasn’t smiling a few days back, he was shitting himself.”  “Why?”  “Because he saw you in trouble and didn’t pick up the phone.”  Daltrey looked up, the news of this guy she’d kind of liked betraying her seemed to hit a nerve. Then she said, “Worried the bad press would hurt home sales no doubt.”  And Chendrill looking up smiling said, “No. Houses are not his thing anymore. He saw a picture of himself looking back at him like an idiot and didn’t like what he saw, so now he’s a film producer and they’re making his film over at Slave and your old boyfriend Dan’s in it.”    
