Chapter Six  Daltrey waited until morning before she checked herself out of her private hospital room and headed home to her apartment in a cab. The place was a mess as she stepped inside. Curry powder was on the floor of the kitchen and all her toothpaste was gone in the bathroom. She looked at herself in the mirror and wondered now why she had not come home sooner rather than hiding herself away as she had on that boat. Twisting her head to the side, she looked out the corner of her eye to the mirror, trying to get a side view. Nope, nothing’s changed, you’re still a wreck, she thought as she looked at the bandages around her head hiding the burns and her scorched hair. She felt like crying but what was the point in that? She’d done that enough for a lifetime. She walked out from the small bathroom back into the kitchen and looked to the curry powder on the floor. Maybe she’d dropped it before she’d got herself into the mess she was now in. Maybe? But really what did it matter? It wasn’t like she was about to knock out a chicken tikka masala anytime soon.   She was getting stronger now though, not crying at the state of her place was a good sign. Stuck on that boat, too frightened to go anywhere, she’d cried at anything, especially the huge billboard of Dan posing in the same underwear he’d snuck into the last time they’d been together—when she’d been sneaking around Mazzi Hegan’s apartment and found Dan on the bed wearing only those silver undies and a stupid grin. There was that one and the others she’d seen on the way over too, Dan with a busted nose in the elevator looking frightened, Dan with that dumb model with the tits, and Dan getting his face licked by some guy. What had Chuck said? he’s now an international superstar model driving a Ferrari. What the hell had happened? No wonder she thought she was going crazy.   Daltrey walked back into the living room and then into her bedroom and sat on the bed. Everyone had thought she was dead but no one had bothered to come over and sort her stuff out. But who would have, who did she have? No one really; her family were all gone, ravaged by sickness and the ones who were still alive lived far away on the fringes and were long forgotten in her life.   She could have been burned alive and the only people at her wake would have been the people she rather be dead than socialize with anyway, except for Chendrill that is, so maybe it would have worked out perfectly.    Now though she had a dead girl a lot braver than she was to thank for the fact she was back home with the rest of her life ahead of her. She walked back into the bathroom and stared in the mirror, her head bandaged up, her cheeks still blistered. Unclipping the bandage, she began to unravel it until it was completely off and laying crumpled in the sink. Very slowly she took off the t-shirt she had stolen from the closet of the yacht she’d holed up in, hiding from herself, and stared at her reflection in the mirror.   Her face and hands were taut and red from the Russian’s flames, but now in the bright bathroom light the injuries didn’t look half as bad as they had when she’d glimpsed herself in the half-light of the boat’s cramped washroom. Her hair on one side was partially gone, the skin on her shoulders peeling. Then as she stood in the shower feeling the cool water on her skin, the house phone rang and for a moment Daltrey carried on, ignoring it and wondering who it could be.   Stepping out, Daltrey answered the phone and for a moment, the person on the other end of the phone sounded like a man, as she heard the voice in a familiar tone say, “Hey, you’re a hard one to track down.”   Running her fingers through her wet hair, Daltrey said, “Who are you and what do you want?”   And the girl on the other end of the phone, who wore leather and rode a Harley, got straight to it, saying, “Don’t play games, you know who I am and I want you over here giving me a piece of your pie.”   Knowing now who it was and worrying about her hair as she sat down on the sofa. Realizing her hands were shaking, Daltrey looked to one of the Monet prints on her wall for comfort. The woman in the painting framed against a wispy blue and purple sky. Standing amongst a field of flowers clothed in a white dress and hat looking down at her. The woman from another era, beautiful and now long gone, clutching an umbrella to shield herself from the afternoon sun. Holding herself with perfect poise and femininity as she posed for the artist who maybe she was in love with. A woman who Daltrey knew she could never be. She said back, “I’ve had some trouble, my hair’s not the same.”  “So?”  “I’ve had a bad burn, my face… it’s burnt and my shoulder. I’ve just got out the hospital.”  “So that’s where you’ve been?”  “Kind of,” Daltrey replied, thinking of the amount of time she’d spent crying and eating tinned salmon.   Then the girl, who lived out on Commercial Drive and who drove a Harley and hated men because she wasn’t one, said, “You fit enough to meet for lunch?”  She changed into some jeans and a top she’d forgotten she had, wrapped a scarf around her head and wondered where her Audi was now as she sat in the back of a cab watching the meter rise.   The biker girl was already there when she arrived, sitting there at the curb with her ass side saddle on her bike with straight pipes. Kissing her on her good cheek and looking at her other, the girl said, “It’s not that bad.”   Daltrey saying straight back, “You should see my hair.”   Trying to look cool, the girl said to her, “Hair grows back, that’s why we get those hot bitches working the salons.”      They sat on the patio of the restaurant that had been bought and named after the owner took a holiday in the South Pacific, the biker telling Daltrey how she’d really enjoyed their time together before and how she’d been out there trying to find her since, and Daltrey knowing she’d been feeling the same way—but that was before someone had tried to kill her.   Then the biker, who liked to be called Sam, said, “I know the line of work you’re into so I won’t ask you what happened, but you can tell me if you want when you’re ready.”   They were both eating the salad with raisins in it, which came free with the meal, and stopping for a moment Daltrey stared at the plate. How could she explain what she’d done? Someone had tried to kill her—another girl coming out of nowhere, saving her, but getting herself burned to death in the process and Daltrey doing nothing about it, just running and hiding. Really, how could she explain that?  Changing the subject, Sam took a swig from her beer and said, “Seen any nice pussy lately?”   Smiling, Daltrey looked up and shook her head.   Then Sam took her by surprise saying, “What about that guy with the busted face everywhere in town in those undies, he getting you going is he? I heard he was from Vancouver. I can tell you, I think that skinny fucker is out there for the sole purpose of doing a conversion job on hard ass bitches like me. If I ever see him in the flesh, I hope he hasn't wasted his time getting that nose of his fixed as I'm going to be breaking it again the first chance I get.”   ***********  Around noon, Chendrill parked his Aston up outside Slave and didn’t say anything to a soul until he reached Sebastian’s office. As soon as he opened the door, the man who paid him a grand a day to look after their new star and gave him the Aston to drive asked, “Is Dan okay, Chuck?”    Chendrill didn’t know, as he hadn’t been there since Dan’s mother had caught him hard with a slap to the face which she now regretted. Without lying, he said, “Don’t know.”   What he did know though was that Sebastian didn’t owe money to the loan shark anymore–the Italian telling him earlier at the stadium only after it was too plainly obvious that Chendrill wasn’t going anywhere in a hurry.   “You can let that faggot know he owes me for a new car,” Mattia had said. Chendrill hitting him straight back with, “I thought this was about a horse?”  “Yeah and the horse.”  “What’s the deal with the car?”  “Ask your friend; his boyfriend smashed it up.”  “I heard it different.”  “Well you heard it wrong.”  Then Chendrill had asked, “You were there, were you?’  The loan shark who had a thing for big titted strippers coming straight back with, “No, my brother was.”   Chendrill had took a chance and said, “What your brother does in his personal life is his business.”   Then after looking up the aisle for his kids, the loan shark had taken a deep breath and said, “Your friend who’s got the penthouse, his boyfriend led him on.”  “From what I heard your brother’s the one who had something in his mouth when he got knocked out, not Alan.”  The loan shark had looked at him, that statement and Sebastian’s old love’s name seeming to sting the loan shark’s inner being.    Chendrill carried on, “What does it matter now though—the guy you’re talking about is long gone from this world.”  Then the loan shark took a look at the ground and in almost a whisper said, “Well at least he’ll have company.”  “You talking about Sebastian?” Chendrill said.  “If he doesn’t pay up then yeah, sure, I’ve got a place he can hang out in.”  “How much he owe?”  “Not sure.”   Remembering the junkie guitar player’s words, “the man doesn’t carry a book he remembers everything,” Chendrill raised his eyebrows and said, “Well when you’ve figured it out then come see me because what you feel he owes you is now, according to street law, my debt because I took on what he owes a while back.”  The loan shark who’d filled his ex-wife’s lawyer’s mouth full of dog shit had sat there for a moment, staring at the subs out on the artificial turf, practicing kicking the ball about, wishing they could make the team and trying to look as though they were alone in the park and didn’t have 28,000 people watching them, then he smiled and looked at Chendrill and said, “Good then you can tell that little poof he doesn’t owe me a penny, but before you get your ass out of my kid’s chair you need to know you now are on the hook to me for $250,000.”  “$250,000—for what?” Chendrill snapped back, almost laughing.  “For his boyfriend, distracting my brother while they were driving over there on the island—for sending my car down the ditch and killing the racehorse in the back of the fucking trailer, that’s what.”   Chendrill stared out across the soccer field, still trying not to laugh at the man. What had gone down with this guy in his personal life to make him so angry after all these years was anyone’s guess. Chendrill knew though that whatever it was wasn’t his problem and just from the snooping about he’d already done, he knew the man was not stupid. For the moment though he was being just that and it was a waste of time arguing a solid point with stupid people. Even if they were just going through a phase. Either way, he’d heard enough.   Looking the man straight in the eye, Chendrill said, “I suggest you and I call it quits and part company so you can carry on earning a living off those junkies like you do. Because if you want settlement for something that happened years ago and I know you had nothing to do with financially, you now have to come see me. But I’ll tell you, if you do I’ll be telling you straight away to do to me what I’d say your brother was doing to Sebastian’s boyfriend when he crashed your car.”   *********    “Now,” Chendrill said to Sebastian as he parked his ass against the window ledge as he liked to do, “this guy who’s been sniffing about is a loan shark, works on the East Side feeding off junkies.”  Sebastian stared at him for a second, then said, “There’re junkies here Chuck?”   There was—they were everywhere. Chuck looking at himself in the big mirror on the wall said back, “Yeah, you need to get out more—maybe you’ll see them. Keep your eyes peeled; they’re floating about in amongst the poor people and look like shit.”   Sebastian nodding, he knew the type having seen enough out there with their hand out looking dirty and beaten, then he said, “You think that some of those poor guys in the shop doors are that way?”  “Almost all,” is all Chendrill said, then carried on with, “And if you’ve been dropping them any cash then chances are it’s been finding its way back to that Italian guy who was here the other day.”   “He’s Italian? I thought he was Persian,” Sebastian remarked. Chendrill said straight back as he moved from the window and sat down without being asked, “No, the Persians deal in furniture, fruit, and cut hair. They also think they can play soccer.”  “Oh?”  “Yeah, and the Italians have cafes and buy commercial property and do a few other things.”   “Like what?”  “They lend money.”   “Oh, well I do that Chuck.”   Chendrill smiled at Sebastian, wondering if Sebastian was half the fool he pretended to be. He said, “Yeah but these guys always want it back. Except in this guy’s case, he didn’t lend you or your Alan money and you were right, it was about the horse—don’t worry though its settled and he’s told me you don’t owe him anymore.”  Then Sebastian said, “As far as I know I didn’t owe him anyway, Chuck.”  “Well in his eyes, you did, but not any longer. I think he’s got some personal issues going on and wasn’t focusing properly.”  Sebastian stood there for a moment, then he said, “Yes, I heard this guy who was driving the car died Chuck, maybe that’s what it is?”  “Could be.”  “But it’s sorted?”  Chendrill nodded, then smiled, knowing by some instinct that, from the man’s reputation, it was a long way from over—but now without Sebastian’s involvement.   He said, “Yeah don’t worry, it’s sorted.”  Sebastian smiled, and for the moment Chendrill thought he could see the relief come straight off Sebastian’s shoulders. He asked, “How’s Dan?”  Chendrill wondered again if Dan had been up to mischief again and Sebastian knew something he didn’t. He replied, “Dan’s good.”   Then quickly and, trying to sound sincere as he watched Sebastian reach down to pick up his dog, said, “How’s the movie? Patrick causing problems still?”   “Fluffy’s going to be in it.”   “Yeah you said.”   “And Campbell Ewes, Adalia’s favourite director is coming up here to speak with me. He’s such a talent, Chuck.”  For a moment, Chendrill wondered what movies the guy had done and, deciding not to ask in case Sebastian suddenly thought it would be a good idea for him to hang about so they both could meet, he said, “Great, well I’d better get going.”   Then he heard Sebastian say, “Oh really, well since you’re off and Dan’s fine, why don’t you go down to the airport to meet him? I’m sure he’ll love the Aston.”**********  It had been a little over two minutes since Ditcon had put down the phone and had begun to laugh harder than he could remember doing in a long long while—with Stephanie next to him doing the same, both of them writing a fictitious text earlier in the morning over coffee, then sending it to Ditcon’s police phone. Ditcon had received it and sent it to the head of Border Protection down at Peace Arch, who then passed it on, sharing the information with the powers that be in the U.S. And a half hour later, Ditcon got a call on speaker phone from a bunch of irate big shots, sitting, no doubt, in some board room in the States wanting to know all about this Charles Chendrill who'd been disrespecting their line in the sand.   Ditcon listened at his desk with a grin, Stephanie standing next to him leaning over doing the same, as all the bullshit she’d instigated spewed back at her out of the speaker phone. Ditcon the King, playing it cool, sitting in his office telling them he knew this guy, he used to be a cop, and now he's just a washed up P.I. pain in the ass.   “How reliable was this source though?”  They’d both heard someone call out, trying to make himself heard from what sounded like the back of the room, as Ditcon was telling them, “If we take it on a scale of one to ten, you’re looking at an eight.”    Then after five minutes of bullshit, during which Ditcon had managed to get his hand in a friendly grab just up above Stephanie’s knee, he’d forwarded Chendrill’s photo and stats to the U.S. Task Force and was off the phone convulsing in tears with his right hand covering his face on the desk and his left hand still there slowly working its way up the inside of Stephanie’s thigh. He was laughing, Stephanie laughing with him and at the same time wondering if this bad boy in a man’s body with a bald head had the guts to take it all the way and hit the sweet spot at the top. Stephanie standing there, having fun and feeling Ditcon’s hand on her thigh, knowing if it got any higher he’d find himself unleashing the spirit the young lady held within, and once he had there would be no turning back. Ditcon being Ditcon knowing the top was exactly where he was always heading, be it his young driver’s inner leg or a seat at the Mayor’s luncheon table. The man playing the big shot boss, bold and sleazy enough to fill his day with booze and drugs and then give it a go with his new driver de jour. But once he did cross that line of common decency, he would soon discover that little miss Stephanie had games of her own she liked to play, and itches she liked to scratch. *************  It wasn’t the first time since he’d taken the contract with Slave that Chendrill had felt like a chauffeur. Chendrill wondering if he’d see this latest hot shot director running through the streets away from Slave in the early morning light, the same as he had the last one. Chendrill, the big time P.I. now knowing this new director guy’s name off by heart because he was feeling stupid standing there at the arrivals with it written on a piece of paper.   Campbell Ewes, who had an Oscar, saying as he sat in the back of Chendrill’s Aston Martin, “You’re a lucky guy driving me about in this machine for a living hey! They ever let you take it home?”  Chendrill sitting there behind the wheel, thinking it’d be the last time he drove this guy anywhere and answering back, “Yeah, I’m a lucky guy.”   “I got a black guy like you back home, except he has a hat and a uniform, wouldn’t have him wearing your get up though. After this project I think I’ll get him an Aston, but I don’t know about the shirt.”  Chendrill sat there, the guy in the back asking sarcastically what the speed limit was as Chendrill moved quickly through the traffic onto Granville Street. Chendrill chewing through what the man in the back, who’d expected him to lift his matching crocodile skin suitcases and golf clubs into the trunk and not saying thanks afterward, had said before, ‘I got a black guy like you back home,’ the pretentious prick, talking like a slave owner. Then giving it to Chendrill about the shirt he’d just ordered up online.   Fuck off—was what Chendrill wanted to say, so as soon as the man got all passive aggressive with him again about not stopping on an amber light, saying, “I heard you guys up here in Canada took traffic lights a little more seriously than the Mexicans,” Chendrill did just that.  The director saying straight back, “I’m sorry?”   Chendrill staying quiet as the director who liked to watch his trophy wife deep throating him in the mirror said, “Did you just tell me to fuck off?”   Looking at him in the mirror, nodding, and smiling as he did, Chendrill said, “Yep, sure did.”   Moving back away from the centre console and half leaning back in the brown leather seat, Campbell Ewes said, “You know who you’re talking to?”   “Yep.”   “I’ll have your fucking job. This’ll be the last time you drive this car.”  With one eye on the road, Chendrill watched the man growing more and more red in the rear of the car as they went, sitting on one hand, rubbing his neck with the other, pulling out his phone, dialing then hanging up and eventually saying, “You’re fucked, you speak to me like that… You know who I am? I want to speak with your boss right now… This’ll be the last airport run you do, that’s for certain.”   Liking what he’s hearing, smiling in the mirror, and hearing the man ask again if Chendrill knew who he was, Chendrill answered, “Yep.”  When they reached the offices of Slave, Chendrill got out and opened the trunk, then walked away without speaking, leaving the new director in the street with his crocodile skin bags and clubs open in the Aston’s trunk.   Hearing the man calling out to him as he crossed the road, “What about the hotel?”   Yeah what about it, Chendrill thought, as he entered the glass front door to Slave and skipped the elevator, hearing Sebastian say as he walked back into Sebastian’s corner office, “That was quick Chuck, is he at the hotel?”  Sitting down on the sofa and almost hitting the dog, Chendrill answered back calmly, “No, he’s here, downstairs; he wants to talk to you.”   Sebastian smiled and walked to the window, saying as he went, “Well the man’s keen, it’s a good sign—how nice.”  Then Sebastian looked outside and saw the man at the back of the Aston red in the face and struggling with his bags. Minutes later he was upstairs and puffing his fat gut along the corridor, asking noisily for Sebastian String. Sebastian met him outside, disarming him with his warmth and a smile and taking him into his office.   The director, who had an Oscar, and had given a fantastic speech about Darfur after he’d received it, even though he couldn’t give a fuck and had never been there, calming as he went, hearing Sebastian ask, “Everything okay, Campbell? Did you have a good flight up?”    The director saying as he walked through the door, “All was fine until your man picked me up, then told me to fuck off. The guy was driving like a lunatic and I asked him to slow down because he kept running red lights. I said he needed to be more responsible like my guy in LA. Wouldn’t take me to the hotel, wouldn’t help with my bags, wouldn’t do a thing. The man is rude, arrogant and to be honest, I can’t see myself being here if he’s still around.”   Chendrill sat there to the side in Sebastian’s office listening to the heavily exaggerated string of events, letting the guy’s mouth run. Standing there with his mouth open, Sebastian looked to Chendrill sitting behind him with Fluffy on his lap not giving a shit.   Looking back to the director, Sebastian said, “Oh!”   The director stood there in front of him, letting his temper build again, now with his hands on his hips, not letting up and throwing his weight about before he’s even said hello, saying, “Quite simple, bottom line, he’s not driving my Aston anymore. If I see him again, I’m out.”   And as sweet as can be, as the director turned shocked to see Chendrill sitting behind him, Sebastian said, “The car’s not for you Campbell, it’s Chuck’s personal car. He was doing you a favour—let me call you a cab for the airport.”  “Sorry?” the director said, Sebastian’s voice so soft he wasn’t sure if he’d heard him properly.   Sebastian said it again, “Chuck owns the Aston, it’s his vehicle—you’re not happy so I’ll have someone call you a cab for the airport.”  Half an hour later, he was gone, picked up in an Aston by a guy in a Hawaiian, dropped off by a Sikh in a Hyundai wearing a Hawaiian.  Sebastian was pissed. As he walked back and forth in his office, he said, “Chuck, I don’t have you here to cause trouble.” Chendrill now leaning with his ass against the window like he liked to, feeling guilty and watching Sebastian, who for the first time was getting really upset.  “No, you have me here to stop trouble, not do pickups.”   “All I wanted was a favour.”  “What’s wrong with that woman Belinda?”  “Belinda’s a man Chuck, we all thought he wore a dress.”  Chendrill already knowing this and half laughing as he said, “I thought you were all cool with that around here.”	  Sebastian moved back behind his desk and sat down. It was obvious there was going to be no taming this wild beast of a man. How many times had he tried, and the truth was he was half expecting a call from the airport telling him that Chendrill was a no show and had gone AWOL. As things had turned out, Sebastian would have been better off with that scenario, as now he needed to find a new director, and, even worse, tell Adalia her friend and ‘favourite’ director was heading back south.   He said, “Not in that sense, Chuck. We just thought Belinda was a girl because Belinda’s a girl’s name.”   “Not in the Punjab it seems,” Chendrill said, happy Sebastian had sat down as he was wearing out the rug and making him and the dog dizzy. He carried on steering Sebastian further away from the subject of the director he’d just managed to piss off, saying, “I always knew she was a he. Anyway, I thought guys were your thing?”    And as soon as the words left his lips, he saw Sebastian’s face redden as Mazzi Hegan walked in the room without knocking, ran his fingers through his frosted tips, and said, “Was that Campbell Ewes I just saw come in?”   With Sebastian saying back quickly, “Yes, and that was Mr. Ewes going out as well. Chuck told him to fuck off on the way over.”  “That’s what you get when you use the help,” Mazzi Hegan looked at Chendrill, who still could care less, as Chendrill looked back at Hegan’s get up—the guy all in purple except for perfectly ironed green socks.   Looking away, Mazzi said on the fly, “Well that’s great, well done, two for two on directors coming in and straight out again. So far no one’s made it further than the office. If your friend’s so clever, then maybe he should direct.”  How are your feet? Chendrill thought, remembering the last time he’d picked up Hegan and then kicked him out the car barefoot.  Watching Hegan walk away down the corridor, he heard the man spit out, “But he’d probably do better with traffic,” as he reached the safety of his office. What am I doing here? Chendrill thought, I used to be a police officer, a revered detective. Now he was being spoken down to by egotistical maniacs.   And as though Sebastian could read his mind, he heard him say, “I’ve told you before, Chuck, everyone who works here is of value, even Mazzi. And you Chuck are more valuable to me than that Oscar wielding prick I just sent back to LA for coming in here, not saying hello, and throwing his weight about. And as you know I’m not one to lie, the Aston’s yours, I was going to put a nice bow on it for you on your birthday, but there you go, you’ve gone and ruined your own surprise. Let that be your punishment for being belligerent and not holding your tongue.”  
