Chapter Nine  Basil sat there with his feet back up again on Maio’s lap and felt her hands rub into the soft bits between his toes the grit the oil had collected during his attempted escape. It was a different kind of interrogation this one, he thought, not quite the same as the ones you see in the movies where the guy would be tied to a chair or an overhead pipe and be taking a beating from some big guy who had not listened at school.   Chendrill sitting there next to him with his feet up on the lap of another girl from Japan who Basil didn’t fancy because he thought she had a funny chin. Chendrill saying, “We all have jobs to do and the best thing for you to do is let me delete the pictures I’ve got of you with your eyes closed so you can carry on doing yours. After all, no one wants anyone to get fired.”  Basil kept quiet, wishing he’d stayed sitting outside the shitty house Chendrill had been in. What pictures did this big guy have? he thought. What had he been doing wrong? He was just having a foot massage. He looked at the clock on the wall that let the girls know it was time to start wiping the oil off. It was 9:30 in the evening and he had yet to file a report. After all, he was entitled to his own time, he had his own life, no one could deny him that. But what if the pictures did end up in the office of someone who mattered? What if they stayed with him for his entire career, coming up every time he looked for a promotion and he had to answer questions about how and why he had his eyes closed and mouth open? There was nothing bad, but people had a tendency to make anything bad—especially in the world of border security services.  He said in a whisper, “Why would I get fired—I’m just sitting here?”  “Because you’re supposed to be watching me and I’m sitting next to you whilst you get your feet rubbed.”   “Yeah, it’s called doing my job, I’m undercover remember?”  Good point, Chendrill thought. He said, “Yeah but usually when you’re undercover, you’re not asleep with dribble coming out of your mouth, I’ve worked undercover as well you know, I am a detective after all, but you know that already don’t you?”  Used to be, Basil thought, but kept his mouth shut and said instead, “Why don’t you just let me walk out of here and we can forget we ever met?”   “Why would I do that?” Chendrill said straight back.  “Because I’m the only one who knows you’re running drugs across the border and holed up in that shitty house on the East Side.”   “Really?”   “Yep,” Basil said back, nodding, “you’re drone fucked up and you had to steal the border guard’s car to get your ass back here, because you were on some sort of deadline.”  That one took Chendrill by surprise, the guy being half right. How the fuck could the guy have known that, unless they’d managed to get a finger print or a photo, but that was almost impossible.   He said as cool as a cucumber taken straight from the fridge, “You reckon eh?” Basil nodded with a grin and looked at Maio so as he could feel cool, then he heard Chendrill ask, “And I’ve got a drone?”   “Not anymore so you’d better go buy a lawn mower.”  Chendrill laughed. What the fuck was this guy going on about? It was a good one, the guy out there on his own following Chendrill about like he must have been for a while, putting two and two together and getting three.   He said, “Who told you about my drone then?”  Basil chancing it and bullshitting, saying straight back, “We picked it up on a listening post, and it led us to you.”   Chendrill laughed, thinking, what a crock. He said, “The post on 205th Street?”  Basil smiled, laughing to himself and lying as he closed his eyes and said, “Yep.”  Chendrill laid back and closed his eyes for a moment also, taking a second to feel the Japanese girl’s fingers as they dug into the balls of his feet. Then he said, “Maybe you should just go fuck yourself with these little fantasies and theories you’ve concocted and start thinking about your career. And once you’ve done that, you can tell me who it was who gave you my name in the first place.”********  Mazzi Hegan was having fun, despite his head still being sore.  Not that he’d ever been shy of having fun before in his life, but this time it felt different and was different. Slave was taking a new direction in heading into movies and he was ready to accept change as it came. For not accepting change brought with it complacency and with complacency came death. Now though, he’d made friends with this great guy and found himself introduced into a totally different club scene, one where the sexy women weren’t guys who were taller than him, but girls his new friend Einer just happened to know and who just happened to like fucking and sucking Einer’s dick—which was exactly what one of these girls had been doing while in a crazy drunken stupor only ten minutes before.   Now though she was riding some other cool guy she didn’t know and had just met. The woman looking at the man’s tight stomach and chest, feeling his cock slipping in and out of her as she leaned down and licked the inside of his ear. This girl feeling the guy buck and fuck her as she eased off him. Then, feeling him all the way in, she pushed back down again on him, stretching her spine and her neck back so she could look at the art work on the ceiling and so Mazzi Hegan could look at her titties with her nipples all hard and wonder what the fuck he was doing—but enjoying it just the same, just like Einer had told him he would.  Mazzi liked the girl’s skin which was almost as soft as his, liked the natural moistness of her pussy and the way it ran along his cock and onto his stomach and dripped down around his balls. He liked her hair and the way its layers fell back into place and her perky tits jiggled as she moved whilst he pounded her hard. But then he came, and as soon as the shiver had run its course though his body, down his legs and out the tips of his pedicured toes, he hated himself.   Oh my God, Mazzi Hegan thought as he headed for the bathroom, locked the door, and started to cry as he looked at himself in the mirror. Saying out loud in the faintest of whispers, “What have I done, oh my God, what have I done?”    Then he heard the girl on the other side of the door saying to him through its carved wood, “Hey baby, can I come in, I need to pee.”   Mazzi Hegan spun around to look at his oversized toilet and felt the woman’s sticky juices going cold and stinky around his cock. Mazzi in a panic saying, “Hang on please.”   “I need to pee!” she said.   In a fluster, Mazzi wiped his eyes, then, still naked, he took a towel made from the finest Turkish cotton from the bar and opened the door to see the girl rush in and squat down over his toilet and spray piss like an elephant into the bowl just below the rim, she looked up at him at the same time and said, “God you really got me going there, I loved it when you ate me out.”   Mazzi then remembered that he’d done just that, laying there all drunk and high on E, her squatting above him naked as she rubbed her wet vagina across his lips. She finished messing up the toilet and began to wipe herself with a tissue and asked. “You want to do that to me again?”  He didn’t and it was a while before he’d gotten her out of the bathroom, her there what seemed like only moments before, still naked trying to seduce Mazzi, getting close, pushing her tits into him, as he unconsciously wrapped himself in all the towels he’d picked up in Istanbul. Mazzi being unnaturally polite as she began getting all cozy and trying to kiss his lips as he tried not to puke. But she was out of the bathroom and away from his bedroom now, walking down the corridor calling out to Mazzi’s friend Einer about how she’d just taken Mazzi’s girl cherry while Mazzi sat with his knees up on the bathroom floor with its under tile heating, feeling violated and crying again as he wondered what the fuck had just happened.    An hour later, after he’d heard the same woman come again, then giggle after as she and Einer fucked, both Einer and the woman had gone. Mazzi having showered three times had yet to leave the bathroom, the man still sitting in the same spot, hearing them leave and her calling out her goodbyes through a locked door as Mazzi stayed quiet and heard her say, “Let’s do it again sometime.” **********  It was just after ten in the morning the next day and just after Chendrill had gotten out of the shower when Sebastian had called and told Chendrill there was an emergency at the office. Chendrill getting up earlier in the morning with his feet feeling good but wondering now if this loan shark had been around again bothering Sebastian and how it was Ditcon had discovered he had crossed the U.S. Canadian border illegally a few nights back. Basil having let him know everything and giving away his secrets in exchange for Chendrill keeping the pictures of him getting his toes rubbed to himself. That and a half promise from Chendrill that he’d keep his ear to the ground for anything which might just lead to something big.   Chendrill pulled the Aston into a dedicated slot outside Slave, still wondering how the thief Ditcon had managed to find out about the border incident and how he would deal with it. Under normal circumstances he’d have gone over to the station and near on booted Ditcon’s door down. Then he’d have told him to fuck off had it not been true, but this time it was, so how the fuck had the guy known?  He reached the top of the stairs, entered the office, smiled at the cute girl Sebastian had working the front desk and wandered down to Sebastian’s office. He knocked on the door once and stepped inside almost as if it was he who owned the agency.   Sebastian looked up and almost immediately Chendrill could see he was really worried. It had to be the loan shark again—the guy obviously not listening to Chendrill when he had told the Italian he’d taken on Sebastian’s debt. The guy had been around, either to Sebastian’s penthouse or the office. The man coming on strong like he did with his intimidating manner that gave even Chendrill cause for concern.   Without even as much as a hello, Sebastian said in a hushed voice as he stood up, “Chuck, I’m really worried. Thank God you’re here.”   Chendrill looked at Sebastian as Sebastian came around the big desk, closed the door firmly, and sat Chendrill down on the sofa before sitting next to him.    Then taking a deep breath, he said, “There’s a real problem Chuck. Mazzi’s come to work this morning and his socks aren’t pulled up,”   Chendrill stared at him, taking in what he’d just been told, then he said, “Sorry?”   Carrying on speaking quickly and saying in a hushed tone as he looked towards the now closed door, Sebastian said, “Yes—they’re all saggy and I can see his ankles.”  Chendrill stared at him as Sebastian waited for an answer that wasn’t going to come, then he said, “I’ve known him eight years now Chuck and he’s never done this.”   Chendrill looked to the floor for a moment, then noticing Fluffy sleeping on an old Alexander McQueen sweater in the corner said, “Maybe the elastic’s gone, it happens you know.”   Then Sebastian stood, looking down at Chendrill, and said, “I’m serious Chuck. He’s not himself, he hasn’t been since he hit his head.”  Chendrill looked at him. He said, “He did?”   “Yes, Chuck don’t you remember, he didn’t come into work the other day, he said a sash window came down all the way, slammed down and nearly took his head off, you’d have thought the French were here.”  Chendrill frowned; he remembered Sebastian calling and leaving a message saying there’d been an accident. “Did it happen here?” he asked.  “No Chuck, I’ve had all these ones checked. He won’t say where. He’s been acting so strange ever since, I thought it was the new friend, but maybe he’s got a tumour.”   Chendrill shrugged then said, “Well call the doctor.”   “No, I called you,” Sebastian said straight back, “I want you to go chat with him first and see if he’s ok.”   Chendrill took a deep breath—this was all he needed. He couldn’t stand talking to that fruit cake at the best of times, but going into his office and asking him about the elastic on his socks was the last thing he needed. But as he looked at the concern on Sebastian’s face, he knew he hardly had a choice in the matter, so he said, “I’ll look into it and if there’s any trouble, I’ll let you know.” And look into it he did. As he walked back along through the office, he stopped at Mazzi Hegan’s door and tapped on it twice before walking in.   Mazzi Hegan sat there looking as cool as ever, even if his socks were down. Chendrill got straight to the point, asking, “You got anything you want to tell me?”    Mazzi snapped straight back like a bitch, “If I ever do you’ll be the last to hear.”   And Chendrill replied just as quickly, “Pull your socks up; you’re upsetting people.”  That was that then, Chendrill thought, as he walked away from the office. He’d done his bit, whatever was making the man not iron his socks was his problem—if he had one in the first place that is. He reached his car and got in. He sat there for a moment, wondering, as he did almost every day, why he wasted his time working for them. Then as he started the engine of the Aston, he heard it purr, and instantly remembered why. He could see Mazzi standing in the window above looking down, probably too scared to put his head out like before in case there was an earthquake and the window came down again. Shifting the car into drive, he pulled away. ********  Basil sat on the end of the hotel bed and wondered what the fuck had just happened. One minute he'd been in control and getting his toes rubbed and the next his whole career in border security was being questioned, and all this before he'd even got to asking Maio if she was still up for a late-night meal.   This Chendrill guy was smarter than he'd thought, seeing him leave and then tailing him the way he had. Now, though, he’d have to wait and bullshit his superiors and hope that the big ape had something up his sleeve so he could still come out of the whole trip looking good instead of coming back with a negative. What he needed would be someone with drugs, or—even better—a crazed terrorist group on their way across the border, who were about to wreak havoc on his country. Maybe I could find one, he thought, infiltrate some mosque or some group who hated the Yanks. Maybe if he was lucky, he’d follow one and find the terrorist getting his toes rubbed one last time before committing jihad, just the way that big fucker had found him, and then they both could start blabbing while in the middle of having one of those Japanese sticks dug into the side of their toes.   He could say something like, "If you ever need into the US then for a price I know a way where they don’t ask questions,” then he could set it up and have a bunch of agents—who by then would all now know his name—waiting on the other side along with a couple of waterboard specialists in tow. That would be good.  He got up and looked at the clock on the bedside table. It was now 11 a.m. Maio would be there because they started around that time, all depending on when the woman on the desk got in. I could get one in, he thought, maybe a 45 minute special that would take his mind off what had happened last night. Then he could go cruise around in the car down on Zero Avenue so he could make it look like he was doing something while he worked out a new game plan.  Half an hour later, he was leaving the massage parlour after the woman behind the desk had just told him Maio wasn't working, even though he could see her shoes in the spot where they always kept them. Basil having considered the offer of another girl from the woman behind the desk, but there was always a chance Maio could arrive—or be there, as he thought she was, and come out of one of those little booths where they did the massages to see him there with another girl rubbing his feet. Maybe it would make her jealous though and do the trick, moving him up a notch or two in the overall game plan. He hit the highway and headed towards the border, everyone driving slow on the huge road like they did up here.   He reached the border at Peace Arch, turned left onto Zero Avenue, and wondered what he'd be doing if he wasn’t working undercover right now—stationed back there at Peace Arch instead, no doubt, checking passports, sniffing for drugs, and looking for any signs of bullshit.   He kept driving, working his way east, cruising, watching the border, and looking at the farms and the way they spread down to the border road. It wouldn't be easy for someone with an agenda to cross with all the cameras on the other side watching. But he was there, working, looking at stuff, and some ding-dong in an office somewhere, bored as shit from looking at the ground, would be following the car because he's got nothing else to do and then zooming in and saying, "Hey I know that guy, he pushed in front of me in the canteen. What's he doing over there in Canada?" Then they’d all be watching.  Looking up at one of the cameras mounted high 100 feet in the air on the other side of the open border, Basil reached up and spun the car’s visor to obscure his face before stopping the car. He’d give it a bit of time, so the cameras could find him, then he’d open it up again so the cameras could catch his profile. He pulled out his phone and called Maio. Three rings later she answered, her soft accented voice barely audible against the breeze running up from the south and squeezing itself through the crack at the top of the window.   “Hello.”  “Maio?”  “Yes.”  “It’s Basil.”  “Hello?”  “Are you at work?”  “Yes.”   I knew it!, Basil thought, as he reached his finger out and, without looking, found the button to close the window completely. Then he asked, “You want to meet for lunch?”  “Yes.”  “Great, I’ll come meet you and we can go for sushi if you want.”  “Yes.”  Great, Basil thought, as he repeated the same word over in his head and looked in the distance along the border that, maybe, in the future was going to make him famous. Pulling the visor back, he sat there for a second, then he got out and walked right to the border itself and stared south into the U.S. with purpose. The camera on the other side would be on him now, snapping away.    He walked along slightly, then crouched and picked up some soil, as though he’d found what he was looking for.  Then spinning away so no border security lip reading expert could be brought in to analyze his words, he said, “I’m at work right now, you know, doing some really important stuff for the U.S. Government, what time should I pick you up?”  “Yes.”  “You want me to pick you up or should we meet?”  “Yes.”   “Which one?”  “Yes?”  And on it went. ************  Chendrill hadn’t been sitting down on his sofa for more than ten minutes when Sebastian called again. Chendrill picked up and without any reason said, “What’s the emergency?”  “There isn’t one Chuck, not this time,” Sebastian replied straight back. “I thought you were going to come back and tell me what Mazzi had said.”  “Well, what he did was he told me to fuck off and he hurt my feelings so much I came home,” Chendrill answered just as quickly.  “He actually said that?” asked Sebastian.  “May as well have.”   Then out of the blue, Sebastian said, “I’ve bought you a bicycle Chuck. I told you that didn’t I?”  “I can’t remember,” Chendrill answered, as he picked up his drink of orange juice from the coffee table and took a sip, hearing Sebastian say, “Oh I think you do, you’re just trying to avoid going with me down to see the house I bought that lovely lady and her family to live in. I thought it would be nice.”  “Today?” Chendrill asked, then said straight back, “I think it’s going to rain.”  On the other end of the line, Sebastian said back, “Don’t be so silly Chuck, stop trying to get out of it, it’s a blue sky out there. Get here after lunch, my bicycle has a little basket at the front, Fluffy’s going to love it.”   Only Fluffy didn’t like it at all. The dog all upset and trying to escape every time they stopped on the cycle path—Chendrill still in his jeans and Sebastian looking fabulous in spandex getting in a tizz, worrying about the traffic whizzing by and trying to keep little Fluffy in, calling for Chendrill to help and not getting any.   The man hearing Chendrill instead say sarcastically, “He might bite, Sebastian.” Then they hit the East Side with all its drug problems, and that’s where Sebastian stopped worrying about the dog. They passed the first run of homeless in their drugged-out state with shabby clothes and their few life’s possessions, spread out for sale across the path.  Crazy men screaming in the street at unseen terrors—when they should be in a hospital—others high, shooting up, or having just shot up as ambulances came and went. These lost men and women hanging out in alleys where they themselves and others pissed and shit and sold and bought the drugs that kept them there.     Sebastian came to a halt and said straight away to Chendrill, “We’ve got to help these people, Chuck.”   “I thought we were going to visit this house you bought?” Chendrill said as he looked around and stared down a man whose teeth had long fell victim to the crack pipe he carried and who was about to approach Sebastian.  Unconsciously covering his dog, who by instinct now knew it was good to stay put, Sebastian feeling frightened said it again, “We need to help these people. Not right now, Chuck, but in the future.”   And that’s the reason Chendrill got to meet Clive Sonic in person.  ***********  Clive Sonic had a new girl now, all sweet smelling and fun, a million miles from the ex who still kept his balls on the mantle. She was different, this one, in almost every way—the way she dressed, the way she smiled as she ate, and the way she liked him fucking her dressed as a gladiator.  Clive on top in his chest piece and leather skirt with her calling out ‘Maximus Maximus’ as she looked up at him holding a sword and feeling his other one inside herself. Then when the time was right, she'd pull a move like she always did, the one she'd picked up at yoga, and thrust out her hips so she could feel him touch that spot that made her insides change and her imagination slip away, making her eyes close as the visions of men kicking up dust in the arena swirled around her mind, seeing herself all nice and trim with her muff shaved, waiting below the Colosseum's killing ground. Listening to the chants and the screams of the citizens of Rome as her man left the huge arena, walking away from the blood he'd shed, across scorching sand, hearing the clanking of his armour against his shield as he came to her laying there in the real world with her eyes closed. Clive sliding in and out of her all sweaty and feeling like an idiot as she saw Maximus in her mind standing strong, looking at her through the bars of his cell as she waited for him on his straw bed and then, and only then, as she saw herself laying there naked and anticipating she would call out, "Fuck me Maximus—fuck me.” And Clive would fuck her hard and fast, pounding his sword into her with all his fake armour clanking and listen to her scream and orgasm as she clung onto the imitation leather outfit she'd sneaked out from the fancy dress store where she worked. Her loving it all. Clive only liking the bit at the end as he let go and felt the shiver run through his body for the briefest of moment where he could forget about it all—before he'd have to stop and hold still like he did and push back the gladiator helmet that had fallen across his eyes so he could look at her and feel stupid again.  Then he heard the phone ring and it was Chendrill. It hadn’t been more than two hours since they’d gotten back and Sebastian had sent Fluffy off with the receptionist to the dog spa for a bath when Sebastian had handed Clive’s name over to him and asked him to track him down. Trying to sound tough, and still wound up from his brief trip into Vancouver’s East Side, Sebastian had said in a firm voice, “Go skip trace this fucker and we can get things rolling.”  Chendrill stared at the name and seconds later clued into the fact that the guy was a rock star—or had been until he’d lost some fingers. Looking up and smiling Chendrill asked the obvious question, “The guy’s a guitarist with no fingers; what’s he going to be able to do?”  Half an hour later, Chendrill had skip traced him—as Sebastian had liked to call the act of finding someone who’d gone off the radar. That is, of course, if you could call living in a small house on the water in Deep Cove in North Vancouver going off the radar.  Clive listened on the phone and looked towards the bedroom door and wondered if his girl was rubbing herself off again, Chendrill saying, “There’s a guy downtown who’d like to talk to you, his name’s Sebastian String, he runs a media company.” 	  Clive shook his head, wanting to take the gladiator outfit off. He said, “I’m out of all that now, tell him thanks but no thanks. I’m no longer in the music industry.” Then Clive bullshitting said, “I’ve kind of got my eye more set on other things these days.”   “Yeah we know. That’s why Sebastian String has had me call,” Chendrill replied.    **********    They met that night at Sebastian’s house. Clive there on his own without his girlfriend who wished he was someone else. Mazzi there, half drunk, still all messed up with a sore lump on the back of his head. Sebastian worrying about him because his colours didn’t match. Patrick also there, uninvited, but there anyway in case they were there to talk about him. Chendrill sitting there also at the end of the table, armed with a bread roll in case this ex-musician went crazy.   Sebastian holding court, smiling and saying, “It’s so good of you to come Clive. Mazzi loves your music. So does my dog Fluffy. Patrick told me only this afternoon he has all your albums and Chuck! He loves your music too.”  Chendrill didn’t like his music though; in fact, when asked it was always hard for him to put his finger on what he did really like or not—unless it was Queen, he liked them. But Freddie was dead, so that was the end of that—kind of, unless you considered Queen still alive because Brian May was still knocking everyone over with his guitar like he did, just as Clive Sonic had before when people used to know him like that, except now he was known as ‘that guy,’ the one who could no longer play guitar anymore because he’d lost some fingers.   “Thanks for inviting me, it’s a pleasure,” said Clive, who was once on his way to being one of the all-time greatest guitar players and now lived well off the royalties of a list of songs he’d written and which Chendrill was having trouble remembering.    Sebastian still smiling said, “I loved ‘Boom Boom Love’ Clive.” And so did Clive, it was the song he’d written and known as he was doing it that it would go worldwide and had until the news of a kid saving his life in the sea off Grand Cayman had gone bigger.    The truth was though, the day he’d been saved by the kid, Clive had wanted to die out there—two and a half miles off shore in the Caribbean on the shallow reef called Stingray City. Clive Sonic standing there in the sunshine with his heart pounding, holding a Stripe, studying the kid snorkelling happily in the water, watching the stingrays beneath him as Clive did the same from his motor cruiser. The kid below in the warm, crystal clear water and Clive Sonic nice and safe and dry above, leaning on the deck’s rail. Both of them there years before watching as the rays lay swishing their tales on the beautiful shallow sand bank. Clive up there waiting for just the right moment when he could leave the sunshine and dive down off the boat to save a child and allow himself to be killed in the process.    But it hadn’t worked out the way he’d hoped it would that day—that day, when one of the world’s greatest guitarists since Hendrix should have died a hero saving a child. For when the moment came and everything lined up just right, Clive had called out to the child’s parents, “The kid’s in trouble—the kid’s in trouble!”   And before they’d put down their beers, wondering what the hell was happening, Clive had dived in off the side of the boat into the calm and crystal-clear Caribbean water to save the life of a child who was perfectly fine. Knocking the boys mask from his face as he passed by next to him, he’d pulled himself through the clear blue water and, reaching out, grasped the peaceful stingray with each of his hands, attacking it with such force that he’d hoped it would whip up its tail and sting him in the chest so he could float away unconscious into the warm tropical waters and immortalize himself forever.   But the stars of fate were not quite aligned that day in the tropics when Clive Sonic’s life was supposed to end. In the frenzy of sand and swirling water whipped up by Clive as he held on, with a vice like grip, to either side of the bucking ray. The kid and the rest of the startled rays fled this predator in tight shorts with a death wish and a number one hit record around the world. Swishing up its tail, the ray caught Clive Sonic’s chord hand as he wrestled around and around, twisting and pulling under the water, purposely sucking seawater and sand into his perfectly healthy lungs until he himself passed out. He lay there alone in a soup of sand, seaweed, and blood—a scene of his own creation. His lungs without air and three fingers on his left hand somehow gone. Then, without a thought for himself, this kid whose life Clive had so courageously set out to save had swam back down and saved him.   It wasn’t until the next day when Clive had woken in the hospital that the world discovered they’d almost lost the creator of “Boom Boom Love,” which was, at that very moment playing in the sleepy resort island’s reception, and that somehow this brave and daring boy, who’d grown up surfing in Venice Beach, California, had fought his way through a plethora of deadly stingrays and approaching reef sharks to pull the international superstar from the grips of death. The boy was a hero.   Sebastian, leaned in and offered Clive some more wine without so much of a glance to Clive’s missing fingers as he held out his glass, saying, “Well I’m so glad you’ve decided to stay here Clive when you could easily afford to live anywhere in the world.”   Patrick took this opportunity to chirp in with his patented line. “Trust me,” he said, letting it hang for a moment, then added, “there’s no better city in this world.”   Smiling, Clive answered back, “How could I leave, it’s so lovely,” which just happened to be the lyrics from another song he’d knocked out that always did well at Christmas.   Not picking up on this at all and agreeing nonetheless, Sebastian said straight back, “Oh, that’s why Alan and I came here in the first place. You know he used to love your songs. We had your first album.”   Clive nodded, not sure who Alan was or why he was there himself, but as always, he’d done his homework. Sebastian String, the man who can make you famous if it takes his fancy. He said, “Alan?”  Sebastian apologized, then said, “He used to live here with me, but sadly Clive, he’s passed on now.”   “Oh, I’m sorry,” said Clive as he looked around at all the matching plates and wondered if the big guy in the red and blue Hawaiian or if the effeminate guy who wasn’t speaking was Alan’s replacement.   As if he himself could hear the thoughts floating around in Clive’s pickled brain, Sebastian said after a pause, “Chuck here’s not into guys sadly, he’s my bodyguard. We were out today with little Fluffy on our bicycles in a real rough part of town and as much as we love the bike lanes, we feel the city really needs a change. Don’t we Chuck? In fact, this lady I know, this spiritualist, palm reader friend I see, she’s been telling me that it’s only going to get worse.”  Chendrill didn’t have a clue as to what this guy, with the dog who sold stylish product and could make you a star, was talking about, and it was the first he’d heard about Sebastian visiting soothsayer type women who read palms. He did know that Keith Richards tuned his guitar so all he needed to do was lay one finger flat across the strings so as he could hit a chord on stage when he was out of it on tour, and since Clive still had a thumb and a forefinger, he was wondering why he couldn’t just do the same.   Looking up at Sebastian and then to Clive, Chendrill said, “I’m not a bodyguard.”   “I’m just teasing, Chuck,” Sebastian said with a wave that dismissed everything he’d said before.   Then he said, “Sorry Clive, Chuck does security and he’s the best detective in the city. We’re lucky to have him, aren’t we Mazzi?”    Raising his eyebrows and knowing he would normally just say ‘No’ in a tone that left you wondering whether he was joking, Mazzi opted instead to say nothing.   Sebastian carried on, “Anyway Clive, we’ve been thinking and we feel the city is choking and we were thinking it would be great if you would run for Mayor.”  Not expecting that one and not particularly liking the one they had now since the man had personally stopped three developments he had his hands on, and despite his prior ignorance to the suggestion, Patrick said, “Trust Me—it’s something we’ve been talking about for almost a year now.”  Both Chendrill and especially Mazzi Hegan knew Sebastian liked to drop unexpected bombs, but this one took them both by surprise and made Chendrill wonder when Sebastian had actually come up with the idea in the first place. It couldn’t have been just pure coincidence that they’d been out earlier that day on the bicycles touring the bike lanes with Fluffy sitting in the front basket and Sebastian had seen the chaos that was Main and Hastings first hand; he couldn’t have just had an epiphany. The guy was calculated. There was no way he could have been so successful any other way.   Lying in the same way Sebastian was, so as to let him know, he said, “Yes, it’s all Sebastian keeps talking about. He’s been driving us crazy with his planning. He said that if you’re not interested in doing it, he was going to ask Mazzi here.”  Mazzi stared at Chendrill thinking, go fuck yourself, you big fucking ape! And what the fuck was he doing here anyway with this guy, who should be wearing a glove. Fuck, this was nonsense, Sebastian making him come to dinner with these morons so he could show off with his ‘surprise’ ideas as he liked to when all Mazzi wanted to do was be at home watching Sissy Hypno.   He said, “Yes Clive, we think you’d be great.”    Sebastian carried on, “The city needs a change Clive, and I remember seeing that lovely interview you gave from your bed in hospital in the Caymans after that brave boy rescued you. And that stupid idiot, insensitive reporter guy asked you what you’d be doing now after you’d lost your hand. And you’d smiled and said, ‘well, I guess I’ll run for Mayor.’”    Clive couldn’t remember this. In fact, he could barely remember being in the hospital. He did remember the long flight home he took via Miami where he’d got stuck in a small seat because of a mix up and was having trouble carrying his bag and eating. But being Mayor? Now he was in his late thirties, so yeah, why not? It was a way to get out there again and be noticed. Be someone. Be the guy who was going to go far and change the city first, then the country second after he’d gotten into politics. Just like the way he was going to be the guy who could have been the greatest guitar player ever had he not been killed trying to save that kid from drowning.    All Mazzi Hegan had to say at the end of the evening after they’d said their goodbyes and Chendrill had walked Clive down to Belinda, who was waiting in his Mercedes and had forgotten to take the dog, as Sebastian had asked, was, “I heard he likes to dress up as a gladiator when he fucks.” Ignoring it at first as he cleaned up in the kitchen and hearing Patrick agree, then unable to ignore it anymore, Sebastian asked, “Really, how do you know that?"   Sitting down and looking out of the window to the lights on the other side of the water, Mazzi replied, “Just heard it—you know, friend of a friend, people talk.”   Patrick agreeing, like he knew it for a fact, then saying, “People talk Sebastian, trust me.” Sebastian ignored him and wondered when the man was going to leave.   He said to Mazzi Hegan, “People do strange things Mazzi, you know that.” Mazzi did, only the night before he’d fucked a woman and it was still annoying him because deep down inside he knew that a little part of him had liked it. He said, “If you’re famous, nothing’s forgotten. You know that.” And Sebastian did, as the gladiator thing was already worrying him. He said, “What did you think about him?”  “Shorter than I’d expected,” Mazzi answered. “To tell the truth though, I do remember seeing him in a bar years back rocking out surrounded by an entourage, the way those guys do.”  “A bar?” Sebastian said back, already thinking that this latest venture was going to be a waste of time if there was ‘stuff’ out there and this bar just happened to be one of the ones Mazzi frequented. He said, “When you saw him Mazzi, did he have girls with him?”   Thinking straight back to the night before when that girl who was Einer’s friend with the tight dress had kissed him in the club, sticking her tongue into his mouth as the lights had swirled around him and the half-naked dancing guys had watched as they spun about above him on their podiums, he said, “I’m not sure.”  Sebastian said, “Do you think he’s gay, Mazzi? You know you can’t tell these days, can you? You know a lot of guys mix it up. And if he’s going about dressed as a gladiator, then you never know?”  Fuck, what is going on? Mazzi thought as he wondered for the first time in his life if he was ‘one of those guys who mixed it up’. Before it would never have entered his head, not even as a teenage kid in Stockholm. Then before he could speak, he heard Sebastian say, “Well it’s early days, we’ll just have to see won’t we.” *********  Clive sat in the back of the limo and thought about the night that had just been and the offer Sebastian String had just proposed. An unlimited resource budget that would put his name up on the billboards across town again promoting him just the same as they were now promoting some scrawny kid in silver undies. Mayor, he thought, Mayor Clive Sonic—Clive Sonic, Mayor. It sounded good. This happy and sweet gay man looking to do what it took to get him there as long as he put in the effort and agreed to do three things once he was there. What about Clive Sonic, Premier of British Columbia? he thought as Belinda drove the car up and over the Lionsgate Bridge towards Vancouver’s north shore. What about Clive Sonic, Prime Minister of Canada? Could be, it had a nice ring to it, but it would be tough to accidently kill yourself when you had the RCMP’s finest watching your every step and trying to do the opposite. What he’d do, he thought, was exactly the same as he was going to do before, but on a different scale and this time it would be better. He’d go from Clive Sonic, the guitarist who lost his fingers, to Clive Sonic, the guy who was going to put Vancouver back on the map and change the city—the guy who could have done so much around here but who sadly, after such a tragedy, was with us no more. Just like that he was back on track; destiny awaited.   He hit the other side of the bridge, the lights on Grouse Mountain brighter now, lighting the ski run that was yet to get snow. Yeah, that's what I’ll do—with this gay guy helping he'd get the people to love him again. He would get them to love him and trust him—trust me, yeah. ‘Trust Me’. Trust Me! Just like that stupid guy who was at the dinner party and had his picture on the buses all over town always says—but on a bigger scale. He’d say that all the time, ‘Trust Me’. It would be his catch phrase. Then, when everything was lined up and the people loved him and trusted him, he'd leave them speechless with some incredibly tragic end, but this time he'd do it properly. ************  Chendrill arrived back upstairs just in time to go out again, this time, though, he was with Sebastian and the dog. Sebastian happily wandering slowly through the park, taking in the night air, watching the groups hanging around, smoking dope, still trying to dodge the police. Couples together sitting quietly and not speaking, just being, breathing the night air and in love. Chendrill with him, walking slowly alongside Sebastian with little Fluffy in between and wondering if people thought they were a couple, feeling conspicuous, but not caring. He said, “What's this all about making this guy with half a hand mayor?”  Sebastian sat himself down on a bench and asked Chendrill with his eyes to join him. The light from the moon and the street lamps near the water tailing off across the wet sandy beach. Sebastian smiled to himself as he waited before answering. Then he said, “It’s something that I want to do, Chuck.”   “I thought you were making a movie?”   Sebastian laughed to himself, then said, “Paying Chuck, paying, not making. But you know me, I'm a super multitasker.” Then Sebastian asked, “Chuck, are you happy?”   “In what?”   “Everything.”   It was a good question, Chendrill thought. Was he? Kind of. Looking up, he said, “Is anybody really? You see some people who have everything and they look miserable.”   “I'm not talking about everyone, Chuck, I'm talking about you.”   Chendrill looked back out across the water then to Sebastian's dog sniffing out something in the grass. He said, “Yeah I'm good.”   “What about work, are you happy at work?”   No, he thought, not really, apart from the money and the car, of course, and for the fact he got to hang out with Dan’s mother. He said, “Yeah, I love it.”   “You see, Chuck, I love having you on the team, but when you're at work, I always feel you wish you were somewhere else. And my gut instinct tells me that you wished you were back in your old job—you know, back on the police force, as a detective.”   Chendrill looked at Sebastian and frowned; was it that obvious? He said jokingly, “But if I did that, I'd not be able to keep the car.”  Sebastian smiled and looked out across the beach to a guy letting his dog run free when everyone around knew it was against the rules. Then looking back at Chendrill, he said, “Oh, the car’s yours Chuck. I’ve told you that before.”   “Then why are you asking if I'm happy? Are you wanting me to leave?” asked Chendrill, suddenly wondering if this nonchalant attitude he'd been carrying around had suddenly come back to haunt him, and if so it was best to know now.   Then Sebastian smiled and said, “Oh no, Chuck; I'm not letting you go anywhere. I like to see my friends happy so I'm getting you back where I know you want to be, and to do that Clive has to become mayor, then once he's there he'll be dealing with me and the first thing he can start doing once you have your old job back on your own terms is start cleaning up the East Side.” *********  The first thing Mazzi Hegan did when he got back to his penthouse suite was have a beer, then another, then one more, followed by a double Macallan scotch that stung his throat—which was fine, as he’d had worse land on his tonsils. Fuck, he thought, what a waste of an evening it had been, going to a dinner party at Sebastian’s was painful enough without having to be pleasant to some has-been loser who couldn't hold his fork.  Sebastian was now getting himself into politics for some reason or the other. Probably so he wouldn't have to pay for the meters outside the office, Mazzi thought. They did cost a lot, though, he knew that. He sat down on his leather sofa and thought about the bill he'd seen a year prior and remembered Sebastian saying he'd done a deal for $200,000. He would be after eliminating that or reducing it, and, knowing the man like he did, he'd be happy to part with 4 times the amount to do so.   He leaned back and put his feet up on the coffee table and looked at his Mauri slow movers. Fuck me, he thought, what was going on? He sleeps with one woman and forgets to take his shoes off at the door—and his socks were down. What the hell was going on? All this… this fucked up, upset feeling he’d had ever since that bitch with the nails had talked him into eating fish. He let out a deep breath and thought about having a cigarette, not that he smoked or had ever smoked—he just felt like it. That chick with nails, long and red on the end of those slender fingers she'd dug into his ass. Yeah, he'd liked that bit, that and the feeling of her tits on his chest when she'd leaned in and licked his face after he'd been down there. The dirty bitch. Not that he could talk with the shit he'd done, but that was natural—at least for him and some of his friends.   Mazzi Hegan looked at the time. It was almost midnight and there was a meeting in the morning about this stupid film. He screamed out, “Fuck,” just like he always did when he didn't want to do something. What was the point? he thought, what was the fucking point, making a movie when the producer hadn't even read the script, wasting everyone’s time? What he should be doing is calling up one of his ‘friends’ and that girl so he could put on a show like she'd tried to get him and Einer to do. But that was never going to work, not with Einer, even if the guy had dipped his toe in the water when they'd met a while back.   Yeah, he'd do that, he thought, get her over and show her how it's done. But no, how could he? He thought, what was he going to do, call a guy and say, "Hey it's Mazzi, wanna come over and suck my dick so this hot babe can watch and join in?" The first bit wouldn't be a problem, but if he mentioned the bit with the girl then that would be weird shit and people would begin to talk.   *************  They all met in the morning, all of them wrapped around the boardroom table. Patrick was at the head, talking bullshit about how this was going to be the most fantastic movie ever made. The director, Campbell Ewes, agreeing to a reduced rate and back on the scene as a favour for Adalia—for a fifth of what his agent had asked for and with a stipulation in his contract that he could never be driven anywhere by Chendrill, which wasn't a problem for anyone. Mazzi was also there looking hungover sitting next to Megan, the flower child, and hating the way she smelled. Sebastian watched it all and listened with his dog on his lap, worrying about the pair of steel toecap work boots Mazzi was wearing.   Sebastian looked at the door and wondered when Chendrill would be in so he could also take a look at the plaster on Mazzi's boots. It looked real and he wanted to know what the hell was going on, the guy looking like shit the way he did and all. Then he heard the purr of the Aston pulling up and parking in one of the expensive bays down in the street below. Chendrill making light work of it, killing the engine quickly instead of turning the whole operation into a day time soap opera the way Mazzi Hegan always did. Except today there was no Ferrari for Chendrill to outshine and squeeze in next to, as it looked as though Mazzi had walked.   Chendrill shut the door to the Aston and crossed the road to the offices of Slave. He'd been asleep in Tricia's bed when his phone had gone off and wondered what the emergency would be this time around. "Mazzi's wearing a pair of boots and they're not clean," were the first words out of Sebastian's mouth. That, along with a quick question about Chendrill’s whereabouts, to which Chendrill had answered, cool as a cucumber, as always, “I'm at Dan’s.”   Sebastian asking him straight back if he’d just arrived. “Yeah, just got here,” Chendrill answered, which he had—if you counted having been there since leaving Sebastian's place the night before. Then Sebastian asked after Dan and then his mother, knowing deep down there was a high chance the guy was laying next to her as they spoke. But what did he care? After all, all that mattered really in life was that they were both happy.   Chendrill reached the reception for Slave and was once more greeted by a huge smile from the pretty girl at the desk who had two guys on the go and only saw one of them on the weekends because the other worked. Lying, she said, “I really like your shirt, Mr. Chendrill.” Chendrill did also, it being the camo Hawaiian he'd picked up at The Bay. His prize possession having been on the missing list for the last few days and he’d been wondering where it was until he'd discovered Dan had been wearing it down in his basement. “Mr. String said to go straight into the meeting, he's saved a seat next to him for you and asks if you could not make eye contact with the director.”   The room went silent as Chendrill walked in, stared down the director, and sat himself down next to Sebastian. Sebastian whispered in his ear, “Did you not get my message?”   “Why’s the mouthy fuck back?” asked Chendrill, just loud enough for the director to hear. It was just how he was. He looked to the script and some other paperwork that had been placed neatly for him on the table to read. Ignoring it, Chendrill looked up. Patrick was back talking, telling everyone what a great project he'd developed. Chendrill listening for about 5 seconds and then stopping. Like an animal penned in a cage, he looked to the door, then leaning in to Sebastian, he whispered, “Why am I here?”   Clasping Chendrill’s arm ever so softly and guiding his eyes to Mazzi who was also not listening as he sat at the end of the table looking out the window, Sebastian said, “Look under the table; he's wearing workman’s boots, Chuck. And not only that—they are filthy.”  Chendrill looked under the table. He was, there was no doubt about it. The boots hugely big with steel toecaps, all ruffed up, showing steel and covered in caked on muck, making Mazzi’s feet look like a circus clown’s at the end of Mazzi Hegan’s skinny silk trousers. Chendrill looked back at Sebastian and said very quietly, “He’s stolen some plasterer’s boots.”   “Really?” Sebastian replied, confused.     Chendrill nodded, then asked, “Can I go now?”   Sebastian smiled. Chuck, you are a devil, he thought. The guy, sitting there all buff and tough in his camo, never wanting to be part of his world when it came to work, but who would sit comfortable chatting in a park on a summer’s evening or out on Sebastian’s penthouse balcony. He said, “Is it really that bad here, Chuck?”   Chendrill laughed quietly to himself for a moment. Then leaning over, he said, “This is your world, Sebastian.”  And it was. Sebastian, sitting there half listening but not missing a beat; Chuck there, still not listening at all. He said, “If you’re not here, who will I be able to have fun with, Chuck?” Chendrill thought about it. This guy, who was so rich he could entertain making a movie for a fair-weather friend who he knew would take your watch if you held his hand to long. The man just wanting to be a kid at school again. He nodded towards Patrick, who was still spouting bullshit, “Why do you indulge this guy?”   Sebastian laughed. Chendrill was there with him getting it like he always did. He said, “I get bored, Chuck, and doing this stupid film gets me one of the world’s top models and, if I’m lucky, a huge corporate promotion where we can all travel around the world for a bit with Adalia.”   Chendrill said straight back, “What about the dog?”   Sebastian sighed and looked under the table at Fluffy who’d settled at Chendrill’s feet. The big guy was right, what about the dog? It was the only little minor detail he was having with putting this bigger deal together on the back of Patrick’s ego trip. He said, “I’m hiring a vet, Chuck. He can come with us if he wants as long as Fluffy likes him.”   Chendrill answered, “I thought dogs didn’t like the vet.” Sebastian thought about it for a moment. The last trip to the vet’s had been a bit traumatic with Fluffy snapping at the guy for lifting his tail. He said, “I’ll find one he does like, Chuck; you know how I am.”   Then Chendrill surprised him by asking, “Where are we going?”   It was a good question, he had been thinking of Europe first, for a week or two and only the other day he’d come across a video on the internet with a cool guy from Kenya who was there singing about Zagreb, except he’d called it Zahaa in a cool way and slapped his hand down as he’d said it like he couldn’t give a shit—except he obviously did or why else would he have made the video in the first place? He said, “Zagreb in Croatia, I should think. There’s this guy out there singing about it. He’s a rapper, it’s very in right now. Some guy called Chunky.”   Chendrill raised his eyebrows, and said out loud, “Croatia?”   Sebastian nodded, as Chendrill thought back to Archall Diamond’s rap, the one he’d heard him singing as he’d walked along the corridor from the toilet in Rasheed’s old place. The East Indian gangster’s words not making any sense and cut short as Chendrill’s clenched fist had smacked the rapper straight in the mouth and shut him up. He said, “I didn’t know you liked rap Sebastian?”  He didn’t, not really, but it was good to keep up with the times—otherwise you became Patrick. He said, “I like all sorts of things, Chuck. There’s a lot of things out there to keep you amused if you just look; even right here with Patrick pretending he’s read the script.”   Chendrill looked up at Patrick almost standing now and gesturing with his hands. Then he looked back to Sebastian and said quietly, “He sounds like he has.”   Sebastian smiled. Then he said, “That’s what he’s good at, that’s why he’s been so successful in real estate—it’s because he’s creative with his words. Listen we’ll see just how much he’s read.”   Then without missing a beat, Sebastian raised his right hand, stopped Patrick in his tracks, and said, “Patrick, tell me, how do you feel we can build on the fundamentals of this story to give it more strength?”  And as quick as a flash, Patrick deflected the question over to Mazzi Hegan by saying, “That’s a good question Sebastian, and a question I feel we should be asking Mazzi, as I feel he’s always got such a fantastic take on things and if I was to answer first we may just lose something brilliant.”   But Mazzi Hegan wasn’t listening. His feet were hurting and he wanted to go to the toilet because his dick was sore.       They made their excuses and began to leave. Sebastian standing up and halting proceedings with his hands, then he told everyone how sorry he was and how he had important business to deal with and headed straight for the door and, with a serious face, held it open for his dog who was two steps ahead of Chendrill. Then as they walked back along the corridor towards his office, Sebastian said, “You see what I mean? He hasn’t read it.”    Chendrill looked at the girls in the booths looking sexy and said, “But you already know this?”   Sebastian, all in a fluster, still carrying on, said, “He should know better, though.” Chendrill reached the door to Sebastian’s office, wondering what it would be like to sleep with the brunette in the last booth who was busy doing God knows what at her computer, and opened the door. As Sebastian passed through followed by the dog, he said, “Why don’t you get one of these young ladies here to sit down and read it to him if you’re that worried?”  Sebastian reached the corner of the room and, dropping down to make sure Fluffy was watered, said, “Oh, I’m not letting him near any of those girls Chuck, not now that I’ve seen the photos that guy sent over. Not that I would have before, in any case, except if one of them had some cash come their way and they needed a condo.”   Then sitting himself down, Chendrill said, “Anyway—I thought you liked it that he doesn’t have a clue and is bluffing?”  “Oh, I like it Chuck,” Sebastian said, working himself towards the window in a fluster, “but I have my limits.”   Chendrill began to smile, wondering if he’d ever be able to go off like this and get himself in a flap over something he had knowingly orchestrated in the first place. He said, “Well, just say fuck it. Shut it down and stick the 5 million into the guy with the missing fingers.”   Sebastian looked at Chendrill leaning back in the sofa with his left foot up on the $2000 coffee table like he owned the place and said, “You’re not wrong, but don’t be calling Mr. Sonic that. He has a name you know and it’s not his fault he lost his fingers. Besides, you know I’m looking at the big picture because on the back end of it all is a massive advertising campaign—but really, truth is, that could all disappear as soon as Adalia’s drinking from the fountain of youth gets shut down. So, after listening to that nonsense in there, I ask myself is it worth it. I think Mazzi feels the same way, you know. I’ve never seen him so bored; normally he’s bouncing off the walls with ideas and the guy’s sitting there and not even listening.” Join the club, Chendrill thought as he recalled Patrick and his dialogue as Sebastian began to carry on.   Then without as much as a knock, the door opened and it was Mazzi Hegan all red in the face with his hair a mess, and all he said to Sebastian was, “Seb, I need help. I’ve been doing something terrible, I don’t know what to do, I can’t control myself anymore, you have to help me, I can’t stop thinking about sleeping with women.”**********  Leaving, Chendrill got back into his car and looked up at the window to Sebastian’s office and wondered if the pair of them had stopped crying yet. Fuck me what a morning, he thought, could it have gotten any stranger? Maybe this was normal though, he thought, as he put the Aston into gear and pulled away. Maybe this is just the way it was in advertising and everyone was all fucked up—neurotic and weird—with sexuality issues to boot. Fuck it was strange. He hit the end of the road and took a left onto Cambie. There was something that wasn’t sitting right though, something he was about to snag onto when Hegan had burst in and polluted the room with the disgusting news that he’d been sticking his dick into the one place it had certainly been designed to fit.   Turning right, he made his way north until he hit Hastings and took a right, driving past the junkies and homeless who lined the streets less than a minute’s walk from the police station. He carried on without a thought for the Italian who fed off them and Ditcon who simply pretended they weren’t there. So Adalia had been drinking from the fountain of youth and, according to Sebastian, was about to be shut down. But if Dan was the fountain he’d been referring to, then how had he missed it? And if he had, he hadn’t been doing his job.   He pulled up outside Dan’s mother’s place and parked in the spot which was seemingly his these days and walked inside. The Ferrari was still there, so unless Dan had gone for some exercise, which wasn’t likely, he’d be in his basement. This seemed to be the case when he’d heard him stir right after he’d pulled his lips away from Dan’s mother in the kitchen. Getting right to the point he called down the stairs to Dan’s room, “Sebastian’s told me you’re not allowed near Adalia Seychan anymore.”   Tricia’s jaw dropped as what she’d just heard sunk in and, turning to Chendrill mouthed, “No?” without actually speaking.   Chendrill looked at her and with a shrug of his shoulders whispered, “Maybe? According to Sebastian, she’s been drinking from the fountain of youth and we’re about to find out if Dan’s got control of the tap.”   Before she could say another word, Dan was up the stairs, saying, “We ain’t doing nothing except acting.”  Chendrill saying straight back, “I’m sure at her age she’s the only one acting, Dan.”   Then confirming the speculation Dan simply said, “Yeah well from what I can tell she loves it.”   Dan’s mother stood there, unable to say her son’s name for a moment in shock, then as soon as the name she’d christened him with when he was a soft and loveable baby made its way from the pit of her stomach, the rest followed in quick succession. She said, “Daniel, you disgusting freak, what is that woman, 65? What the hell do you think you’re playing at?”  And Dan said straight back, “No actually Mum she’s 68, but what does that matter, she’s got better tits than you.”  And that’s when his mother hit him straight across his face.  Chendrill took his new girl to the bedroom and held her while she cried as he looked at his watch. There’s no doubt about it, he could have handled that better instead of baiting the kid in front of his mother.   It was almost 2 p.m. and from what he could work out she’d been crying since midday. There wasn’t much he’d said that had helped; in fact, the more he had said the worse it had gotten. Especially the bit about older women being attractive these days, which had just seemed to make things worse. ‘He wouldn’t have been interested if she hadn’t had surgery’ also hadn’t gone down too well either. So now, for the moment, he was keeping quiet and in this quiet he couldn’t help but wonder what it would have been like to fuck Adalia Seychan himself.   Another 30 minutes or so passed before he heard Dan appear from his cave below and open the fridge in the kitchen and, making his excuses, he left the room to find Dan digging his teeth into a slab of cheese whilst he wiped the remnants of cooking oil from his right hand onto the dish cloth by the sink. Dan looked up and said with a full mouth, “I thought you’d gone?”  “No, still here.”   “Guys don’t usually stay that long once the water taps turn on. If you know what I mean?”  Chendrill did and, truth was, he could do without the history lesson. So he just said, “Well, times have changed,” and followed it up with, “and so should you Dan if you want her to take you seriously now you’re doing your own thing—so to speak. Why don’t you start by going in there and apologizing?”   Without looking up, Dan said, “You’re the one with the big mouth not me, so why don’t you stop trying to be dad and mind your own business.”  He has a point, Charles Chuck Chendrill thought, and felt hungry as he watched another slab of the cheese disappear into the void that was Dan’s mouth. After all, he wasn’t Dan’s dad. As quick as a flash, Dan carried on with, “And its just as well you’re not. Because if you were, I’d have gotten your looks and with that chances are high I’d never have gotten a multi-millionaire superstar sucking my dick.” And just as he passed him heading back down the stairs to his cave, Dan heard Chendrill say back, “Yeah, I get you, no teeth can be good!”*************  Daltrey sat on the edge of her bed and pulled off the bandana she’d been wearing to hide her burns. How long had it been now, she thought, as she felt her burned skin which she hoped would heal soon. She’d been on the boat hiding and done the same in hospital and now she was back at her apartment hiding again—except for when the biker had managed to drag her out. Which had been nice, but out was as far as she’d let it go for the moment. Not until she was used to the way she now looked at least.   What would she have done if she’d not found that phone and called Chendrill like she had, she thought. Would she still be there? Maybe, but the food and drink that belonged to whoever owned the boat had been getting sparse, just as the toilet paper had also. She looked at the nails on her hands—they were getting long now, longer than she could remember them ever being before. But what did that matter with her hair being the way it was at the moment?   It was time to get back to the real world—this she had known for the last while. If she’d had the guts to take on those two kids armed with baseball bats, mugging that man, she was strong enough to start looking into the identity of the brave girl who had saved her life.  So, for the moment, she needed to speak to the one guy who could find out pretty quick—even if he was an idiot.   She picked up the phone again and was surprised at the speed she was put through once she’d mentioned her name.   “Ditcon here,” was all she’d heard, the guy sounding like he had a thousand other things to do at that precise moment rather than talk to her, which in reality couldn’t have been further from the truth.   Daltrey said, “It’s Daltrey, I need you to find out who you’ve got in the morgue wearing my name tag.”   “I’m busy, why don’t you call them yourself and ask?”  Daltrey took a deep breath and felt the rush of blood she used to feel when someone had pissed her off and whoever it was, was about to get an earful. The man was a thoughtless pig. She said, “If I’m right in thinking there’s only two people in this world who know you’re full of shit, maybe three if you include your mother. So, I’ll ask again if you can get me a name or I’ll start telling everyone I meet you had no idea I was on that boat.”   “What boat?” Ditcon snapped back.   Jesus, Daltrey thought, then she said, “Just get it done, so as you can keep up your bullshit charade.” Then she hung up.   Ditcon sat back down in his office chair and stared at his phone thinking now of all the things he should have said. Such as, ‘unless you’re Mayor, then you can get it done yourself you fucking bitch’, or ‘do your damn job’, or ‘I just saved your ass, so cut the attitude?’ Yeah, that’s what he should have said. Told it to her just like that. That’s part of the job though, diplomacy, being able to know when to keep quiet. After all, she’d been undercover and he knew how straining that could be—so he’d been told. He picked up the phone and said to the person on the other end who he thought he knew but didn’t, this guy who always offered resistance when all he needed to do was say ‘yes’.    “I want the name that goes with the body you thought was Daltrey. We let your incompetence down there go for a while because it suited us. But no longer, so no back talk, the girl’s been undercover for me and she needs a name.”  Then he looked up and saw Stephanie was just waking up, the girl sleeping in his comfy chair by the window after she’d just managed to rebuff another approach. She said, “You want me to drive you to that place in Deep Cove so as we can get a coffee?”   That was the ticket, Ditcon thought, he’d have her grab one of them Dodge Chargers from the pound and whip him over there. Then when he was done he’d phone that guy from the U.S. Customs and Border Protection and see what was happening with that fuckhead Chendrill. After all, why should a guy who’d busted across the border illegally be driving around in an Aston Martin?   Ditcon finished his muffin and his hot chocolate and wondered why Stephanie only ate half of hers when they came here. She was probably thinking about her weight, as girls did. Catching her attention as she looked out the window to the inlet that could easily have passed for a lake, he said, “You know this isn’t Hollywood, you can finish that.”   “If you want it you can have it,” Stephanie said, then raised her eyebrows and gave him that cheeky smile to finish it off at the end of the sentence to imply a double meaning.   Fuck the little bitch, Ditcon thought, flirting with him all the time and giving him a sniff but not letting him have sex with her properly like she should have been doing by now. She was fun though, even if his neck was starting to ache, this time, for once, for real. He said, “You know, I’m thinking this Chendrill’s being a bit flash, cruising in an Aston when all we’ve got is a Charger.”   “Yeah I was thinking the same,” said Stephanie, when in reality was she had only been thinking about how she had to walk her boyfriend’s dog that evening because he would be working late—the same “working late” as she had been doing for the last couple of days, except he hadn’t been holding off because he was in a relationship. “Why don’t you call the guy the Yanks have up here sniffing about and see what he’s found out and we can take it from there,” she suggested.  The phone had almost rung off and went to voice mail when Basil answered. Ditcon and Stephanie sat there staring at the phone on speaker propped up on the table.   “Hello,” Basil said, waiting silently long enough for Ditcon and Stephanie to hear the whale music in the background.   Ditcon looked strangely at his new driver who wouldn’t give him any, then asked, “Where are you?”   Basil asking straight back.   “Who is this?”   Ditcon always liked this bit whenever he was given the chance to lay out his full credentials, even if it was over the phone or otherwise, and being the egotistical prick he was he wasn’t going to let the opportunity pass by—especially when he was so close to nirvana with his new sexy driver de jour. Taking a deep breath, he said his name and rank slowly and surely into the phone, laying it out as if he was in fact hearing it himself while being honoured for bravery, which was not going to be happening any time soon, “Chief Inspector Ditcon of the Vancouver Police Department. Please answer the question.”  “You don’t even know who I am, I haven’t even identified myself,” answered Basil from the other end of the phone.   Ditcon said back quickly, “Basil Setter, working undercover with the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. That’s who you are. So cut the bullshit.”  Basil said straight back, “Get to the point, I’m busy.”  Ditcon looked at Stephanie sitting there next to him raising her eyebrows. He’d have liked to have gone over to wherever this idiot was, pick him up, then throw the disrespectful prick back across the border. But he couldn’t, not without there being an international incident, so, eating it, he said, “Tell me how you’re doing with Chendrill?”  “Chendrill’s great.”  “And?”  “And what?”   “And I’m asking so you need to tell me.”  “My wages are paid in U.S. dollars, not Canadian.”  “I’m thinking you want to keep getting paid, so cut the shit or I’ll have you sent back home.”  “I am home, I’m Canadian, remember.”  Ditcon looked at Stephanie; the conversation wasn’t going well and he could feel his temper building and that wouldn’t look good, not when he was pretending to be cool. The fucking prick was getting smart with him, pulling the Canuck card when the fucker was probably from Quebec. Then as soon as he was about to tell the guy to go fuck himself and send a car to some unknown address where they played relaxing fucking shitty whale music to have him arrested, Stephanie leaned in and said, “Basil. Please tell us anything you may have found out about Chendrill and in return we’ll happily make the call to your superiors to tell them what a great job you’re doing up here.”  And that was all he needed to hear.**************  Mazzi Hegan opened the front door to his penthouse suite and, without a thought, wandered down to the living room and put his feet up on the glass coffee table. His boots were still on and still felt heavy, but putting it out there to Sebastian, who he knew would understand, had been a bigger weight off his chest. That ape Chendrill had been there, yes, and heard his confession, but what the fuck? He’d have found out anyway. His type always did. He looked at his phone and played with it for a while, doing nothing, checking this and checking that, and flipping through the pictures of the night before, after he’d given in to temptation and messaged, ‘Hi!’ to the woman who had only hours before made him puke.   The photos were there now on his phone, telling him the story about what he’d done and who he was now becoming.   He had been in the bar with a chick who normally hung around with Einer. The pair of them were getting wasted, then there was a plasterer there with them with his arm around her neck. Then the three of them were doing green shooters, her in the middle of them, then there were flaming Sambucas, and they were looking all pie-eyed. Then another girl was with them with nice teeth and big tits with eyes that matched. Then another girl and Einer, who didn’t look drunk. All of them were popping selfies as quick as they were knocking back the drinks. Then they were back at this guy’s place with shit all over the floor and half eaten bags of chips in the kitchen. All of them were in his little bedroom, then all of them were naked and fucking, except, for once, it wasn’t him being spit roasted in the middle, taking it from both ends—it was a girl he remembered now who was screaming too loud and the guy whose place it was was trying to keep her quiet with his dick in her mouth, and the guy was not looking Mazzi in the eye, let alone kissing him. Einer was there watching it all and laughing at Mazzi as Mazzi Hegan fucked one girl, and then the next, as Einer fucked the girl with the teeth and made her tits wobble.   Then he’d woken up still drunk and alone, not knowing where he was, with his face on a sheet with a shitty thread count which needed to be washed, his shoes gone, and only when he’d stepped outside with bloodshot eyes into the cool morning air, wearing the only things that he could find that would fit on his feet, he’d realized that he was just around the corner from Slave where there was a room full of people waiting for him in a meeting he didn’t want to be at.   But now it was all out in the open and chances are his Mauri slow movers were gone. But what the hell. It had been worth it, getting wasted and feeling free, seeing a straight construction worker naked—going at it and making weird faces like he had. But the girls, they’d smelled nice, and he’d liked the feel of his dick inside them, liked the way they could just go and go, orgasm after orgasm until none of the guys had anything left to give.  He stared along his legs to his boots and smiled; he hadn’t had a pair on like it since he’d gone out with his friends years ago all dressed up. They were quite cool really, all covered in white stuff, and even if they were a tenth the price of his Mauri’s, they were worth the trade. All he needed now was the construction hat and a safety vest and he could have gone dancing. But who with and where? With a bunch of fags? No, he wasn’t feeling that. There was no doubt about it, pussy was what he was feeling for the moment, and sexy pussy at that, so he may as well go with the flow.   Mazzi stared at his phone, looking at the pictures of the girls and their long hair and nails the same as he’d once tried to grow. Yeah girls were it, really sexy girls with softer skin and better hair than his. Girls with sexy legs and shoes whom he could go out in his new boots, dressed as a construction worker and pick up. Girls he could lay out some coin on and take them cruising in the Ferrari, then, if he was lucky, he could fuck them at the point in Stanley Park, just like these other hetro guys seemed to do.  