Chapter Ten  He found some old jeans, a t-shirt, and a construction vest some closet case had left behind a year before, stuck the boots back on, and headed out into the night in the Ferrari. He hit Granville Street, heading north off the bridge and instead of turning left onto the rainbow coloured streets of Davie he carried on up the road to where the bars were and the straight people got their kicks.  For the first time in his life, he parked the car with ease and strutted in his big boots and vest into the first bar he saw. Throwing the keys to the Ferrari on the counter he asked the girl with the nice ass behind the bar for a beer. That should do it, he thought as he saw her clock the emblem on the keys and pick up a glass. He’d seen it work before in a movie when an actor had pulled a bar maid. The actor all macho in the movies and pretending to the world to be straight but Mazzi knowing from personal experience, that the guy wasn’t, because of the way he’d kissed him once at a party. Then he heard the girl say, “Six dollars twenty-five.”  “Sorry?”  “Six dollars twenty-five.”  Not even a ‘hey good looking’ or ‘nice car’, or anything, just the bill and he hadn’t even seen let alone wet his lips with a beer yet. So just as the girl turned around, he said, putting it out there the same as he would have a few blocks down in the old neighbourhood he used to frequent on Davie, “Nice ass.”  “Fuck you.”  That was all he got back as a reply, no sly look or grin or sexy wink as a thank you like he’d seen in the movies. Just ‘fuck you’. Well fuck you too, Mazzi thought, as he handed her a stack of twenties and walked away without a drink. He reached the shooters girl cruising the room, grabbed two, knocked them back, then another one, and, putting the glass back down on the tray, said through the music, “Go see your friend, I gave her $400, keep $100 for yourself and the drinks flowing for me and the girls baby.”  Then he grabbed another shooter and headed off into the room with the glass and the waitress in tow, rocking from side to side to the music, as she handed out the first ever drinks he’d bought for women and letting them know they were from him. He walked on, strutting his stuff, the women were fine, but despite the free booze they were still keeping to themselves, talking in their little groups or lost within their phones and not saying thanks. He walked over to the first who looked in his direction and as soon as he got there said, “Hi I’m Mazzi Hegan.” The girl just looked up and nodded back, not even bothering to speak as she watched Mazzi moving his head from side to side to the music. Then again as he normally would in this situation if he was a few blocks to the west on Davie, he said, “You wanna see my dick?”   The girl just stared, wondering if for the moment she’d heard this guy dressed in construction clothes correctly. “Sorry?” she said. Mazzi Hegan said it again, but this time pulled out his phone, not waiting for an answer.  He moved on to the next, “Hey?” and then the next, “Hey, what’s up?” Then to another, “Hey!”—but this time he added ‘baby’ then said, “Man, you’re hot, wanna come blow me in the bathroom?”  He walked across the room and stood alone at the edge of the dance floor. Fuck, this isn’t easy, he thought. The straight to the point approach he was used to wasn’t working with these women. They just weren’t as receptive as the guys were around the corner on Davie. Normally, he’d have had sex at least twice by now, especially given what he was wearing. All he’d have to do was put it out there and next thing he’d be out back in a sword swallowing competition. But that wasn’t going to work here it seemed. Mazzi looked out through the crowd, the girls were still doing the same as they had been—some dancing, mostly together with other girls, though some were with guys who seemed to have this straight thing under control.   The shooter girl passed by again and he took another, then one more, knocking them both back. Then he caught her again on the way back. The music was weird here also, almost rave-like, but not, some sort of rave/techno/lounge mix that didn’t seem like it knew what it wanted to be. He watched the DJ up on his small plinth, the guy really tall in his beanie cap, with only one ear in his big puffy headphones, fiddling with the knobs on his little machine. DJ Raffi, the man grooving to his own sounds with three girls on the go. The guy looking up and wondering why one of the Village People was looking at him, and also wondering what Mazzi was about to do now that he was entering the dance floor alone.   Mazzi Hegan hit the centre of the dance floor and started to loosen up, feeling the music. In amongst it all there had to be some raw bassline to hook into, and a second later he had it. Boom Boom da Boom Boom da boom boom. Yes, Mazzi had it now. He looked at a circle of girls all dancing around their handbags and with his elbows out at chest height and his fists at both nipples with his left arm up and his right down he began to strut across the dance floor, rocking his hips, lifting both arms up and down alternating each of his fists up to below his chin to a rhythm only he could hear.  He reached the girls, staring them each in the eyes as he passed around and around—the girls looking at each other wondering what the fuck was going on. Then, on his third pass, and just as he’d gotten them all under his spell, he called out in his deep Swedish accent to DJ Raffi on his plinth, “Hey DJ, let’s get this party started baby, give me some ABBA, give me some Pet Shop Boys, where’s the Frankie man!”  It was going to be a tough transition.***********  Adalia Seychan had a problem, and it wasn’t one her plastic surgeon could remedy; though in the end, it came down to almost the same thing. The problem was she needed time, time to relax, time for people to faff over her so as she could feel special, time to fuck, time to recover, and time in between Patrick and Slave’s incredible sci-fi flick and the next film she’d just been offered. She needed time.    This new film had come from out of the blue after its leading lady had walked from the project, and the producers were now delighted to go with Adalia—that is, if she was interested, because after all she had not been their first choice, but truth was they’d said she had ‘actually’ been their first choice from the start, had the studio not stepped in. Which was a complete crock of shit, which Adalia knew, but, being cut from the same cloth as the people who had fed her this line, she went along with it anyway. The only problem now though was that the producers on the next job had done the math and lined up a new shooting schedule to start two days after Adalia would be taking off her space suit in Vancouver.   But this wasn’t enough. She needed at least six weeks to prepare, and since the new offer was better it was Patrick who was going to have to make the changes. And all Patrick, being Patrick, had said to Adalia’s agent when he’d called with the proposal was a completely naïve and ill-informed, “no problem, we’ll start shooting next week.”  The first person to be woken up about this emergency was Chendrill, who couldn’t care less, and who’d been keeping Dan safe while sleeping over with Dan’s mother again. The second was Mazzi Hegan, who’d gone to bed early but hadn’t been to sleep—for only an hour after he’d entered, on his own accord, the first bar where the majority of its patrons ran the risk of procreation if they had sex, he’d met Einer’s girl again. And after watching him clear the dance floor, all she’d had to say was, “Why are you hitting on kids when you’ve got real women you can please?”   But unfortunately for Mazzi, the ‘pleasing’ wasn’t altogether in the variety expected as part of his new sexual awakening, as it would only be offered at a price and one which had no actual monetary value.   “What do you say about us all having some fun, Mazzi?” was the first thing Einer’s girl had said the previous evening when Mazzi had sat down and automatically put his arms around her two friends, who were sitting in the corner booth section of the bar drinking free shooters from the waitress.   “See, we’ve been watching you strut your stuff. Now we want to get naked so you can watch us at your place below that painting you’ve got on your bedroom ceiling. We want you to watch us making love underneath it, then if you’ve been good you can join in, but you can only do that if we can watch you first.”   Mazzi stared at Einer’s girl, then looked from side to side at the two girls he’d sandwiched himself in between—just the same as he’d seen DJ Raffi sit down and do after he’d had enough of Mazzi’s dancing. He asked, “What is it you want me to do?”  And Einer’s girl had said straight back, “what we want is this: you and this guy we found to put on a show, and no it’s not Einer, because he’s a flake.” Mazzi looked around the bar as he took it all in and said back, “You’re not talking about the DJ are you? Because I don’t think he likes me.”   “No Mazzi, we found a guy from somewhere deep in Africa—Congo, or Sudan, or somewhere like that. He’s on this web site and claims to make fantasies come true—he’s waiting for us to call him back.”  They left the Ferrari to get towed eventually and all jumped in a cab and were back at Mazzi’s pad within the hour. Mazzi still rocking the boots and jeans. The girls making themselves at home and leaving the fridge door open, wandering around the place, drinking wine and smoking thick spliffs of BC dope, half naked in their knickers.  Then the buzzer went and it was the African gigolo. Fuck me! Mazzi thought as he followed the girls as they ran excitedly towards the entry phone. All three of them there giggling at the sight of the guy outside. Mazzi stared at the guy as he watched him on the screen. With the amount of guys he’d had up in his place, the chances are he knew him anyway. In the old days, he would have been first to the phone, but somehow now it felt different. Gone were the usual feelings of his dick stiffening at the thought of a black guy coming over—though now it still was already semi-there because of the girls in their knickers and bare feet running about the place. They liked the pad, that’s what it was—he could see that. It was a cool place to hang out and party and take selfies. But having to deal with this guy being brought in suddenly seemed to change the equation.  The door opened and in he came, carrying a smile as wide as a long weekend, arms open, hugging the girls like he’d only left them a week earlier even though he’d never seen them before in his life. He high fived Mazzi as he passed in the hall, sizing him up—the guy he’d have to fuck. The man not gay, just a walking fuck machine who’d do anything or anyone for money. And Mazzi Hegan the opposite and all confused, doing anything for fun.  He reached the living room and walked straight out onto the balcony to take in the view, as people always seemed to do. Then he turned and said, “Hey Girlfriends, who’s got my money?” The girls ignored him and grabbing him by the hand, pulled him back inside. The man laughing as he followed them in and, in his African accent, said happily, “Easy baby we have all the night.” The girls wanting to see what he was working with, wrenched on his jeans to pull them off, and for the first time ever Mazzi was hoping it was small. Jesus, he thought, when it wasn’t.   Very quickly he said, as the girls took the man’s dick in each of their hands, feeling its weight, “Well you can put that away.” His own voice that, for a moment, didn’t sound like his own.  Walking them both like prisoners and carrying their wine as they did, the girls marched the two men towards the bedroom with the painting Mazzi had commissioned years before on the ceiling. The male prostitute from the Congo now naked with his huge dick swinging as he went still asking about the money. Mazzi with his top off, still wearing the labourer’s boots and jeans—his mind all over the map.  They hit the bedroom, the girls cuddling up against Mazzi’s silk covered pillows, readying themselves for a show as the man from the Congo began to take control, saying to Mazzi, “You need to take off your trousers, I am strong, but I cannot break through denim.”   Mazzi stared at the man as the guy from Kinshasa unconsciously stroked his dick, getting it somewhat ready to perform. Getting lippy back, Mazzi looked to the girls at the head of the bed and said, “If he was worth the money you girls are paying he could.”  Then all of a sudden, the man from the Congo was up, standing on the bed holding Mazzi’s hair with one hand and his dick with the other, slapping it across Mazzi’s face from one side to the next as Mazzi kneeled before him and called out with every swipe.   “Where my money?”   Mazzi looked at the girls for an answer that didn’t seem to be coming as the man’s dick hit him again across the side of his face. “No cash, no show,” he said to the girls. But the show had already begun and there was no way they were looking for an intermission.   Frustrated, the man from the Congo hit Mazzi again with his dick, from the left and again from the right. Then like a baseball player lining up to hit a curve ball, he took a huge swing, hitting Mazzi Hegan so hard in the face it sent him spinning off the bed.  Mazzi stood up from the side of the bed and felt blood tricking from his mouth, he had a thousand dollars in cash in his sock drawer but there was no way this fucker was getting any of that. Looking up at the man standing naked on his bed, still holding his dick, he shouted, “Get the fuck out of here.”   “We had sex man—money first, then I go.”  “That wasn’t sex, that was like meeting the fucking Gestapo,” said Mazzi, spitting blood with every word and wondering at the same time what was going on with him as he heard himself say out loud again, “Now get the fuck out and take your dick with you.” When not too long ago, had he have been in the same situation, he would have been on his knees with his head back, like a stork swallowing a huge fish. But no, here he was, standing in builder’s boots and jeans with three beauties half naked and curled up, hiding behind his silk pillows with their backs against the headboard of his bed, watching this black guy standing naked at the other end of it with what looked like a third leg that had been cut off above the knee. Then the man, who used his dick for a living said, “I thought you gay guys liked it rough?”  And Mazzi screamed out for the first time in his life, “I’m not gay okay—I’m straight!”  In a fit of rage that would normally have instinctively sent him pathetically slapping at the guy’s legs, Mazzi stepped up onto the bed, not caring for a moment about ruining the immaculately stitched Mulberry silk sheets with the plaster from the dirty boots he’d stolen. Swinging out with his right arm he bought up his left, aiming for the man’s chin in just the same way he had years before his hormones had kicked in and he’d started liking Wham, the same as he had when he’d aimed at the bully and punched out his mother. Only this time he didn’t hit anyone and missed.   With his head snapping back, dodging the ill-aimed strike and getting his feet all twisted and tied up in amongst the expensive bedding, the man from the Congo fell back away from Mazzi standing there in his jeans and dropped down off the other side of the bed. Quickly the girls stood up on the bed, still holding their glasses of wine, and joined Mazzi looking down at the man laying naked, knocked out cold from hitting his head on the $74,000 Persian carpet Mazzi had just shipped in from Iran.   “Is he dead?” asked one of the girls, as she looked towards Mazzi.   Mazzi stared at the guy for a moment then he shook his head, “No, he can’t be, it’s okay—the vein in his dick’s still pulsing.”*************  Not long after Sebastian was on the phone wondering where Mazzi was because there was an emergency. The only emergency Mazzi could see was that he had a promise with the three girls he had sitting next to him. He said to Sebastian, “Can it wait Sebastian? I’ve got something going on right now?”  “What?”  “It’s been a busy night Seb, this guy came over with a huge dick, he called me a fag and we had a fight. I took quite a beating, but in the end I knocked him out and an ambulance came and he’s gone now. Oh, and don’t worry, the secret’s out now. I’ve come out—or in—or whatever you’d want to call it. You know, best thing is though, is that I’m not confused anymore. I’m telling the world I like pussy.”   Sebastian String sat down at his desk at Slave and looked at the clock. It was 7:01 a.m. and maybe Mazzi was right to be more concerned about his life than a stupid film he’d allowed a guy who sold him his penthouse to run amok with. But work was work, and Mazzi should be in when asked, so fuck him and fuck the girls he was apparently fucking now because they had work to do. He said, “I’d appreciate it if you were able to make it into a meeting we are having at 9 a.m. Thank you.”  Sebastian looked at his dog and then to the window. He walked to it and stood at its side looking out. It was still early out there, the shops selling designer wear were not opening for another couple of hours or so. And some cafés were still only just flipping their open signs on, ready for the day. That guy was out there again, holding a coffee.  He called Chendrill and heard him answer after a couple of rings.   “What’s up.”  “That guy’s here Chuck, drinking coffee.”  “What type?”  “Looks like Starbucks.”   “How long’s he been there?”   “I’m not sure I just looked out.”   Less than ten minutes later, Chendrill was downtown and walking away from the parked Aston with its engine still crackling from the caning it had just received all the way over from Dan’s mother’s home on the East Side. The Italian was still there, waiting in a doorway just outside Slave’s office. Not looking up, but staking out along the street for whoever it was he was waiting for to come in to work within the next hour or so. Approaching from his blind side, Chendrill stopped right next to him and, before the guy felt his presence, Chendrill said, “I thought the kind of people you did business with didn’t get up until the afternoon.”  The man turned seeing Chendrill, not flinching whatsoever, he said, “Some people I do business with have normal jobs.”  “Maybe I’ll come down to your place and watch your kids go to school.”   “They don’t live with me anymore. I just get them every other weekend.”  Ignoring him and turning away, the Italian looked at Slave’s offices. Chendrill watched him for a moment, wondering what was going on inside the man’s head, he said,  “I told you before that whatever debt you’ve dreamed up in your mind, it’s with me now.”   The Italian reached into his pocket for a cigarette and remembered he no longer smoked. This guy was good; it was early and he wasn’t even finished with his drink and the fucker was onto him—even caught him unaware. He said, “You got a quarter of a million dollars spare have you?”  The man was right, he hadn’t. Chendrill said, “Why are you chasing rainbows?”  The Italian looked at him, surprised. Then he said, “Is that what you call it?”  “That and a few other things.” Then Chendrill said, hitting the guy with a little taste of reality, “If you’re feeling the crunch because your usual clients are dying from fentanyl before they get a chance to make good, then maybe you should be looking at who’s mixing the shit and talk to them instead of getting up early and coming around here?”   Mattia, the Italian who leant money to people who couldn’t pay back, looked at Chendrill and then back away towards the offices of Slave and took a deep breath. It seemed like almost every day now he was hearing of someone who owed their death, or near death, to fentanyl. Whoever was mixing it in the dope was out of reach, at least to him. Knowing Chendrill wasn’t wrong, he said, “Go speak to social services if you’re worried about the community.”  Chendrill shrugged; what was going down out there on the streets was pretty shitty and now more than ever if you took any drug on the streets—from good old-fashioned hash to heroin—it could be laced with fentanyl. If so, there was a chance it was check out time—unless you happened to have someone nearby who had the tools to bring them back or an ambulance arrived quickly. A lot were not that lucky, and the problem was becoming an epidemic. There was little he could do—unless he wanted to take on the Triads and the Angels and whoever else was playing in the shadows. Chendrill said, “Like I say, if times are hard, go get a real job. Otherwise, fuck off and leave me and my friend be.”  And the Italian said straight back, “And like I said, you’ve got till the end of the month to start paying.”***************  They sat upstairs in the darkness of the reception, Sebastian on the sofa holding his dog, Chendrill on the reception desk with his legs dangling like a kid in the class at school when the teacher was out of the room. Sebastian all concerned and red in the face said, “Let’s just pay the man Chuck and get him out of our hair. After all, Alan did smash up the guy’s trailer and stuff.”  Sebastian had a point—it would be easier—but deep down he knew the guy he’d been talking to downstairs was full of shit. After giving it a bit of thought, he said, “Truth is, I feel as though time’s have hit hard for this fuck—this and the fact he just discovered his brother was gay. And because of this he’s putting the two together and coming up with us.”   “No, Chuck. Me.”  “US,” said Chendrill, making sure Sebastian 100% understood that he was never going to be alone in this.   “Okay, us.”   Then in a tone that left no doubt as to what Sebastian wanted Chendrill to do, he stood up, bent over to drop little Fluffy to the floor and said, “I’ve got better things to do than worry about this man Chuck, and so have you—I’ll have a blank cashier’s cheque for you by midday. Give it to him, and if he comes back for more, then go find someone and have the prick put in a hole.” *************  Two hours later, the movie making team were all back around the table, and from what Chendrill could tell they had a week or two to get it together and go into production or the job was over—unless they recast, which wasn’t going to happen. Not with Adalia Seychan headlining, even if she was, according to Dan, sixty-eight years old.   As usual, Chendrill was wondering why he was there and why Mazzi was sporting two black eyes. The rest was as per the norm, with Patrick blathering on. When Chendrill wasn’t staring at his phone and not listening, he was looking out the window and not listening—except when Sebastian, who was acting the most serious he’d ever seen him, had leaned in for a second and whispered in Chendrill’s ear, telling him Mazzi had told him he was definitely out (or in) the closet and had gone straight.   There was no doubt the man’s attitude had changed, and he still had those plasterer’s boots on, but how the hell could that have happened to a man who was such a flamer he almost caught fire Chendrill wondered? Then he heard the name which had been a constant throughout pretty much all of Chendrill’s life, Rock Mason.   Rock Mason had been a star in the 70’s, 80’s, 90’s, and well into the new millennium—if you believed the guy’s agent that is. Regardless, he was up there in the Hollywood elite and Chendrill had seen pretty much all the man’s films. He’d missed all of the first part of the conversation, but from what he could tell, the prick of a director was, for the first time, starting to make sense. They needed Rock, and Rock was available.   “He’s a has been,” Sebastian said as soon as they were out of earshot.   “Yeah well aren’t we all sometimes Sebastian?” Chendrill replied, as he sat down in Sebastian’s office which was slowly becoming his own.   Sebastian said straight back, “I didn’t know you were a fan Chuck. Well we’ll definitely get him now then won’t we? And there’s another guy who’ll be around this afternoon, Roger’s his name. I spoke to him last night after a call from Patrick. He’s an old friend of Alan and mine—used to live with us in the first apartment we ever rented in town here. He was an office PA back then, but the man’s a producer now—and a heavy hitter, takes no shit Chuck.”  Chendrill asking straight away without even thinking, “So, what team does this guy play on then?”   Sebastian looked at him for a moment, then sitting down said, “And that matters, does it?”   “No.”   “Let’s stop it then please Chuck, I’ve got enough trouble going on with Mazzi at the moment.”   Chendrill smiled, loving it. Then he said. “So how did he get the black eyes?”   “He had a fight, with a huge black guy, Chuck. That’s what he said.”   Chendrill started to laugh, then stopped and said, “You’re kidding, right?”   He wasn’t. “No Chuck, he said he won as well, knocked the guy out. Mazzi told me all about it. He said that he’d been to the Roxy and picked up three girls.”   “Three! Not one? Not two? But three!?”  “You know Mazzi, Chuck, he doesn’t do small—he took them back to his place, then this guy shows up, said he knew one of the girls and it got physical. Mazzi knocked him out and they called an ambulance.”  “What happened after that then?” Chendrill asked, wondering at the same time about the bit where Mazzi knocked out the huge black guy and if this guy was gay as well, and he heard Sebastian say, “Well what happened after that Chuck, the guy’s saying he’s straight, he’s got three girls he’s picked up at a bar with him in his penthouse, you work it out for yourself, I’m sure if you get close enough you’ll smell fish.”  “Oh?” said Chendrill and wondered why Sebastian, and Mazzi for that matter, had always associated sex with women with fish when in reality it was just a rare hormonal issue some girls had to deal with on occasion. But to them it seemed it was a constant almost as though in their mind making love to a woman was pretty much the same as entering an Alaskan cannery for the first time. He said, “What is it with you and fish Sebastian?”  Sebastian stared at Chendrill for a moment with his eyebrows furrowed, and he said, “Don’t get me started on that one, Chuck. Besides you’re the expert. I’m sure Mazzi will be banging on your door for advice soon on the subject since he’s now come out—or in, as he put it.”   “I know, you keep telling me,” Chendrill answered, as he began to smile.   “Oh, he’s definitely gone straight, Chuck. Although truth be known, I’ve always thought deep down he liked girls, but you never know, maybe it’s from when he hit his head—people change after head injuries. I knew a kid when I was growing up who wouldn’t eat sausage and then he fell off the swings as a teenager and afterwards couldn’t get enough of them in his mouth. It happens.”***********  With a blank cashier’s cheque in his pocket for a quarter of a million dollars that he hoped the Italian guy who lived off the back of addicts would never see, Chendrill made it back to Dan’s house and sat in the kitchen as Tricia got ready for work. Dan was downstairs in his cave, playing heavy metal as loud as he possibly could. Through the noise Chendrill asked why.  “He does this sometimes, always has. I used to fight it but in the end I discovered he gets bored of it before me if I don’t react and just leave him be,” replied Tricia.   Chendrill smiled, it was the same approach the cops used in the cells on a Saturday night when the drunks were getting mouthy. Let them shout and scream and question who’s fucking the cop’s wives while they’re here at work and if they ignored it, it stopped quicker. Some police officers liked the drama, though, so it could get loud.   He said back to Dan’s mother through the noise, “This film Dan’s in is going to have Rock Mason in it as well.”  Tricia turned and stared at him, then said in astonishment, “No?”   Chendrill nodded as he fiddled with the buttons on his Hawaiian.   “Yeah, how about that, who’d have believed it?”     “My son in a Rock Mason movie?”   Chendrill nodded again, “Seems that way. Sebastian says he’s going to make sure Dan’s name is there right next to Rock Mason and grandma Adalia.”  Thanks for that, Tricia thought, having just managed to forget about the woman for the moment. She said, “Do you think we’ll get to meet Rock? He’s so lovely. You know years ago when Dan was young, he used to put on one of Rock’s movies when I was feeling down and I’d always cheer up.”  Chendrill smiled; it was hard to think of this lovely woman being down about anything, but she was human after all. And, of course, she had her son to deal with. Through the din, he said, “They’re going to start filming next week with a splinter unit, they’ll get as many scenes as they can with Adalia and Rock Mason on blue screen. You know, get the close-ups because she’s leaving and then they can use a double for the rest once she’s gone.”   Tricia stared at him for a second, then said, “I thought you told me you went to these meetings but never listened to a word?”   Chendrill shrugged, then said, “Well I’m bound to pick up a bit—you can’t help but not, besides Rock Mason’s in it now.” Then he said, “Tell Dan, see what he says.”   Tricia took it in, “It’ll be interesting. I know he likes him, you see he watches his films through to the end, which is rare because usually he gets bored.” She walked to the top of the stairs and leaning with both hands on either side of the wall as she had many times before called down through the racket to Dan’s cave in the basement.   “Dan—Dan—Rock Mason’s going to be in this movie you’re in.” And then she waited and called again. And waited. And again, and again. This time though the music went off.   Taking a deep breath, Tricia waited then she called down for the fifth time, “Dan, they’re having Rock Mason in this movie you’re in.” A second later the music was back on, blasting through the floorboards and out onto the street. Tricia walked back to the table and, sitting herself on Chendrill’s lap, smiled. Then she said sarcastically, “He’s such a great kid.”**************  In between having to dress up, Clive had been doing even more research, tapping out on his keyboard with one hand and what fingers he had left on the other. It turned out Sebastian String was an even more rich and powerful man than he had first discovered. Powerful in the sense that he could change the way people thought and influence their behaviours without even knowing in the slightest it was him pulling the strings. This was a talent which only became more apparent an hour later when, after a game of dress up, he’d looked down to see a used BlueBoy hanging from his dick.  Since then the idea of him being Mayor of Vancouver had been growing—there was prestige to that. But you had to do something great before you could be known for not being able to do something, or many spectacular things for that matter, because the world had been robbed of your presence due to your untimely passing. It couldn’t be bike lanes or outdoor movies in the park, it had to be more than the odd jazz festival like the current guy was doing. It had to be that, plus more, something special—and helping people was special.  He called Sebastian String and congratulated him on his BlueBoy campaign and felt embarrassed straight after as he heard Sebastian ask him, “Did buying them make you feel dangerous.”   “Yeah, they did; it’s why I bought them,” he’d said. But they hadn’t really, in fact all he ever really felt after having sex and dressing up like Russell Crowe was stupid.   Then he heard Sebastian ask, “Would you like me to send over the limo so as we can sit down and talk about making you famous again?”  From the corner of his eye Clive sat in Sebastian’s office and watched as Sebastian’s dog rubbed its ass on the carpet. Sebastian was saying, “I’ve looked at all the dates and we are a little late but sometimes that can be a good thing. We can let the opposition spend all their money then we can blitz them. I think there’s only about 10% of the population who do actually vote, so if I make it trendy to vote for you then that will be that.”  Clive looked away from the dog and back to Sebastian, who was looking at him and smiling. Sebastian continued, saying, “He does that. I think he’s got worms.”   Clive smiled, the man was nice and honest and it almost felt a shame to lead the guy up the garden path like he would be. He said, “If I get in, I don’t want to be doing just the norm—I want to do something special, you know like helping people.”   Sebastian smiled and said straight back, “Oh, there’s so much we are going to do Clive.”   “We?” asked Clive, suddenly worried about how much of a puppet this guy was going to make of him and, if so, despite how generous he was being, would he get to the level of fame needed to be really and truly missed?  “Oh yes we, Clive. When I say ‘we’ I’m talking about myself, but I can’t do it—being gay and all, even in this day and age, else I should think I’d be there now. It would give me something to do on the weekends.”   Then standing suddenly, Sebastian clapped his hands together and with a beaming smile carried on, saying, “We are going to build parks, improve roads and beaches, make it so people can park again for free after 6 p.m. and have a real steam train that takes people around the city—maybe even resurrect the Royal Hudson? Reduce the fees for the cruise ships so as I can walk to the top of the Lionsgate Bridge in the evening and wave them goodbye. Plus, we’ll make sure there’s free medical for the elderly and sick. Oh, and sort out the East Side—you know, where there’s all these drug people.”  Clive stared at him, everything he’d said so far made sense and if he thought it out for a while it was all doable. But the East Side. Over there, you were going up against gangs and corruption. He said, “The East Side?”   “Yes,” Sebastian said smiling, “What we’ll do is designate an area over near the docks, maybe reclaim some land so people don’t moan, and we’ll make an island that’s about a half mile square and open it up as a bar, drug, and prostitute zone. Just like they have in Amsterdam. All the people who want their vices can still do their thing, but they’ll have to do it there instead. Or, they go to prison if they do it out in the open. Then we can watch out for the girls on the street and give them health care and rehabilitation. And we can weed out the ones who are too young Clive. Oh, and the street guys that keep arriving from Montreal, we can send them back on a bus if they want to go with a $5000 contract saying they can’t come back unless they have a job and a place to live, then we can separate them from the people who have real mental health problems, and give them the help they need. We can also reopen some of the hospitals they shut down and Patrick and his friends sold as condos. On top of all this, I think that if you’re retired and need help for whatever reason, you should be able to get it Clive—healthcare transportation, housing, food, clothes. Anything, regardless of how much you have in the bank.”  Clive stared at him wondering when the man was going to stop. In the end, he just said, “Oh my God Sebastian, this is exactly what I need to do!”  “Oh, I haven’t really given it too much thought yet—it’s just a couple of ideas, but it’s something we need to start looking at once I put together a campaign so as I can get you in the position where you can start making a difference. So, it’s up to you, Clive—we are going to do great things. You up front and me quietly working anonymously in the background with Chuck. I want to make you great Clive, not just here in this town but as far as we can stretch it—it’s what I’m good at.”   Perfect, Clive thought, it couldn’t be any better. ***********  Chendrill sat at the kitchen table at Dan’s home which was now quiet and looked at the blank $250,000 banker’s draft Sebastian had given him with no name attached. If he lost it, anyone could put their name on it. Sebastian knew the name of the man who he was giving it to, but he had left it blank. Maybe it was a test, he thought. But why would he do that? Maybe he was leaving it up to Chendrill’s discretion and had given the money to release the burden of debt however ridiculous it all seemed.  Either way it seemed odd.   He looked at the clock, it was almost 7 p.m. and chances were the prick would be at the peeler bar getting his rocks off—although the girl he’d been speaking to hadn’t called like she said she would. But that didn’t mean much.   Twenty minutes later he was parking the Aston in Gastown and heading back east towards the bar. He opened the door and paid the cover, walked in and the first person he saw sitting on G-row was Dan. Moving in next to him he said, “What are you doing here?”  Dan looked at him and then to his shirt then said, “What are you doing here? I’m surprised they let you in with that shirt.”  “Well they did.” He asked again, “What are you doing here?”   “Same as you I should think, looking at chicks.”  “You’re not old enough.”   “Your too old,” said Dan straight back, as he looked up to see a bare ass pass by right above him.   “You’re supposed to be 21 to get in here.”  “I got ID.”  “You’re too young for an ID card.”  “I didn’t say it was mine, besides they recognized me and let me straight in, no cover either. Not like you.”   Chendrill thought about it, the kid had to have guessed, he’d seen Dan as soon as the door opened and the kid hadn’t looked around at the door once.  “How do you know I paid cover?” he asked.   “I see you in the mirror.”  Chendrill said straight back, “How about I see you leave in the mirror.”   “How about I don’t tell Mum you was here and you leave.”  “I’m working.”   “So am I.”  “Doing what?”   “Learning dance moves.”   Chendrill laughed, the kid was funny even if he was a pain in the ass. He said, “Nice music this afternoon.”  “You like that do you, make you feel young again, I can see you as a head banger.”  “You still here?”  Then the girl who’d taken him for $300 from before came over, this time dressed as a schoolgirl in a short skirt with her tits hanging out, smothering herself all over Chendrill with her hands and arms. Some people liked that kind of thing, to them it was fantasy island, to Chendrill it wasn’t though. She said, “Hey Chuck. Your friend’s just gone upstairs, you got that $300 you promised?”  And all Dan heard through the bumping and grinding of the mixtape the DJ was playing for the young girl onstage as she bent over, picking up fives and change off the floor so as she could try to pay her way through veterinary school was, “Chuck—upstairs—you got that $300 you promised?” Which to even Dan translated directly to ‘you’re a fucking pervert’, which, of course, Dan could care less about, but nonetheless he told him anyway.   Unfazed, Chendrill replied, “Make sure you’re not still here when I come back down.”   Mattia the Italian sat up top in a dark room on a sofa so dirty and stained that even a blind guy wouldn’t sit on it if the lights were on. As per usual, he had three girls on him, one on either side and the other on his lap in the centre, all with their tits in his face as they rubbed their hard, lithe bodies into his. The Italian lost in the moment as he always was. The girls who should have known better, somewhat lost themselves in their lives, looking at the clock. He had six hands on him, two with their palms flat pushing and rubbing the sweat on his chest, another two stretching down to his groin and the other pair combing through his hair. The Italian wondering how long he had left and the girls wondering who the guy in the red Hawaiian was sitting alone on the chair in the corner was. Then as the music stopped, and so did they, leaving the Italian sitting there with his mouth open and feeling embarrassed as the girls left the room. Then he saw Chendrill sitting in the corner.  “Once you’ve settled down we can talk business.”  The Italian stared at him taking the time to smooth out his hair and compose himself. All agitated he asked, “Couldn’t it have waited?”  “If I liked you I suppose it could.”  “Get the fuck out of here you perverted cunt,” the loan shark who lent out money in blocks said to him in a curt voice.   Not giving a shit, Chendrill said straight back, “You come to see my friend when it pleases you, I’m doing the same—besides, I’m not the one here with the tits of three girls half my age in my face.”  “Fuck you.”   Chendrill shrugged, still not caring what this man who lived off of the backs of the weak and dying had to say. He said, “You want this money you’ve been harping on about or do you want me to leave?”  “If you have it all, yeah.”  “How much is all?”   “You know.”  “No, I don’t, see I think it’s a figure you picked from the tree because you found out your brother was sword swallowing my friend’s boyfriend when he crashed your car and you always thought he was straight and preferred to play the same games you play up here.”  The Italian loan shark stood checking his fly, his hard on long gone and forgotten, and as soon as he felt comfortable with himself again he said, “Maybe I’ll stick a sword in you?”  Chendrill laughed to himself, smiling, not bothering to get up off the chair and said, “Given how horny you were only seconds ago, maybe with a comment like that, there may be a little bit of your brother in you after all.”  And on those words, the Italian felt the blood rush away from his stomach and up into his chest as his temper took over and, pulling his hands from the top of his trousers, he went for Chendrill across the other side of the room, pulling a blade from out of nowhere.   Quick as a flash, Chendrill was off the stool and moving to one side, slapping his left hand down on the Italian’s knife hand spinning around it as it came at him. The blade hit the floor at exactly the same time as the side of Chendrill’s other hand caught the Italian right in the throat, rendering the man with the sweaty chest unable to breath.   Quickly Chendrill picked up the man’s knife and hoping it would stick into the drywall wall, threw it hard across the room and seeing the wrong end hit and the knife smash and spinout across the floor said to the man gasping for breath, “I thought you carried a gun?”   And as soon as he said the words, he saw it coming up in the Italian’s hand from a holster on his lower leg. Again, Chendrill was quickly on him, grabbing the back of the man’s shirt and pulling him off balance enough to distract him as he brought his foot up, kicking the gun away and then again bringing it up into the man’s stomach, sending him rolling across the floor.  Chendrill moved away, picking up the gun, he said, “From what I remember, you said it was $250,000. And if I’m wrong I don’t care.”  Pulling out his wallet, he pulled out Sebastian’s cashier’s cheque. Then holding the loan shark’s nose he pulled the man’s head back until his mouth opened and he stuffed the whole thing in.  “Don’t swallow because there’s a cashier’s cheque for a quarter of a million in your mouth. Don’t spend it all at once, especially in here.”   Then he stepped back and, standing above the loan shark who had a thing for dirty young girls, said, “If you come near me or my friend again, I’ll use every means I know to put you away for 10 to 15 years."  And with that Chendrill was gone, down the stairs, passing drunken men, red with excitement, hand in hand with scantly clad girls who, on a given evening made almost the same hourly as the odd lawyer they were grinding their pussies against. He reached the bar and passed it, moving through the crowd towards the brightly lit stage in the centre of the room—now occupied by another beauty who wasn’t going to be a vet, and who was dressed as a cowgirl but soon wouldn’t be wearing much of anything. He found Dan, still on Gynecological Row with another beer, banging his hands on the stage along with the rest of the guys who should be at home with their families. Dan shouting out just as Chendrill reached him, “Show us the peach baby.”  Grabbing him by the scruff of the neck, Chendrill pulled him from his stool past the bouncers and through the entrance out of the bar with Dan shouting as he went, “I need to go back to pay for the beers.”   Not letting go, Chendrill said to him as they walked, “Leaving without paying is a good thing, now you won’t be allowed back.”  They reached the Aston and in one swift move the rear door was open and Dan was thrown into the back. “Don’t think about trying to escape I have the child locks on,” Chendrill said as he opened the driver’s seat and started the engine.   He pulled away into the flow of traffic and into Gastown, passing the streetlights of an era long forgotten, passing the crowds, passing the homeless looking for a handout, passing the drug dealers hiding in the alleys, passing the park where the people did smack on one side and the girls sold themselves for it on the other. Dan spitting out as they passed, “You should have come here, they’re cheaper. How much you spend up there for 5 minutes?”   Still pissed and not listening, Chendrill just looked in the rear-view mirror until he heard Dan carry on saying, “Maybe Mum would be interested, you know with you spending up there what she earns in a shift—what was it, $200?”   “Actually it was $250,” Chendrill replied without missing a beat.   They reached Tricia’s house and, without speaking, Chendrill opened the rear door of the Aston for the supermodel who still lived in his mother’s basement, then watched as he walked up the short steps and opened the door, went inside, and slammed the door behind him.   Dan walked straight to the kitchen and opened the fridge. Grabbing a knife from the sink, he cut away half of the new slab of butter his mother had just bought from the supermarket and pulled out a carton of milk. Opening the cupboard, he pulled a two-pound bag of sugar out and opened it, spilling the sugar all over the counter. Dropping the butter into the bag of sugar, he shook it up, spilling more onto the kitchen counter, then reopening the bag he pulled the butter out and, holding the slab to his mouth, began to scrape and lick the sugar from the butter until there was no butter left. Picking up the milk carton, he took a swig straight from the opening at the top, dropping more mess down his front and onto the counter and floor. He then repeated the process again until there was just enough butter left to use to dab out the mess he’d made on the counter.  Dan wiped hands on the curtains and headed down the stairs to his room and locked the door. It was time to knock one out, there was little doubt about that—those girls at the club getting him all revved up like they had, with their sexy asses and legs, showing him that bit of extra snatch and attention because he was the ‘BlueBoy’ guy. But then Chendrill had turned up looking like a peacock and ruined it all—the fucking asshole. Had the prick not, he’d probably have managed to get one of them back here to his basement so he could fuck them—just the way Adalia had been teaching him. Except a stripper would be naturally young and tight, a new experience, not like what he’d been getting it on with lately. Then afterward he could have driven the Ferrari over to the Sutton and fucked Adalia from behind as well, which is the way he liked it best because he could watch TV. Then maybe he’d tell her what he’d done—fucking a stripper and making her come. Maybe she’d like that. Maybe?   But that fuckhead Chendrill had fucked all that up and the Ferrari with the governor which no longer worked because he’d over ridden its circuitry was still at the strip bar’s carpark. But that was not his problem, that was the big ape’s problem—after all, he was the big boss for shit like that around here.     He turned on the computer and typed in the name of the girls he’d seen that afternoon. Seconds later they were up on the screen looking all sexy and seductive, staring back at him from the computer screen. Reaching down, he pulled down his trousers and whipped out his already hard dick and looked at it. Perfect, he thought, Rock Solid. This was it. He was there, he thought, there was no hard-assed stripper coming over for him to fuck but that didn’t mean his mother’s late shift was going to be wasted. In actual fact, he may be better off, he thought. He could please himself all evening and then when he was done, he could look at wiring circuitry or whatever else he fancied without having to listen to a load of blah about how the girl felt or some shit like that, the same way he did with Adalia.  He reached down to the bottom of the computer desk Sebastian had bought him and pulled out the small bottle of expensive olive oil his mother had thought she’d forgotten to buy and began to unscrew the top, but with the butter and sugar he was unable to remove with the curtain still stuck on his hands it was proving difficult. Hang on, Dan thought, as he set the bottle of olive oil down on the desk and looked at the streaks his slimy hands had left on the dark brown bottle. Butter, sugar, olive oil? He could use all three, why not? Maybe he was in for a new experience after all, especially with that full packet of sugar and half a slab of butter still left in the fridge. He was hungry after all. Now he could wank and eat, it couldn’t be better, the evening wasn’t wasted. He was back on track.************  The Italian couldn’t remember being this upset even when he’d been married to his bitch of a wife. This guy Chendrill had come into his private space and humiliated him. The fucking prick.   Now people were disrespecting him, laughing at him when he’d gone and found them asking for the money they owed. Word was out—he was a pussy. Chances are though it wouldn’t have been the big guy, who had been faster than he’d expected; he was too cool to go shooting his mouth off. It had to have been one of those whores in training calling themselves lap dancers—although he hadn’t seen one dance yet. Them or maybe one of the meathead bouncers who had been too lazy to get a real job. The guys knew who he was and liked it that he’d taken a slap. They were outside the door, at least one of them was anyway—had to be to protect the girls from maniacs.   “Fuck you,” he shouted out at no one in particular as he walked down the alley for a chat about money with one of his regulars. He kicked him once, then again, and then again. The prick moments before telling him he couldn’t get any money this week and refused to take another block to cover what he owed because he was back with his family and clean now and wanted to stay that way for his children. The man promising the Italian he’d get the money but that it would take time as he wasn’t going to break into cars anymore and received a head-butt in the face for his troubles.   Now the Italian was kicking him while he was down and holding his nose, kicking him, and thinking about Chendrill. He was pissed. He was supposed to be the tough guy loan shark around town and, despite that, this prick in the loud shirt had still insulted him. First, he had come into the private room where he knew he was with his girls. Second, he had told him straight to his face that he sucked cock the same as his stupid fucking brother had, and he may have well have done just that for the way he’d tried to kill the prick for telling him so, not once but twice, and the fucker had still made a fool of him in the process.   How long would it take for his new girl to hear about it from her coworkers, he thought. How was he supposed to make her his after this?  It wasn’t good.   And now there was this fucker on the ground who didn’t want to pay because he wanted to support his family, word was definitely out on the street that he, Mattia, was a pussy—but pussies don’t kick guys who owe money and leave them for dead. Pussies talk about it without actually making good on a promise. But not me, he thought, as he continued relentlessly kicking the man’s body for wanting to make it clean. Not now, no way. This fucker below him now, who used to be a good payer, a guy who’d do whatever necessary to get a fix, who would now either die or survive, and who would then have to pay later or go through another beating. Either way it didn’t matter, all he wanted now was for word to get back around town that he was still the man—even if Chendrill had stuffed a $250,000 cheque into his mouth like it was his dick. That cunt doing that when truth was he should have been begging him for his life instead—just as the man below him who wanted to start afresh was.   And that’s exactly what the big fuck would be doing soon, the Italian thought, as he saw the man below him beginning to lose consciousness, curled up in a heap at the side of a dumpster. The big fucker who’d been quicker than him was going to die. That’s right, he’d kill the fucker, then when he was lying down in a gutter he’d lean over him and look down and see him with his eyes all watery—just like those of the guy below him now as he kicked him. Then doubling his power, like the crescendo to the fireworks he’d watched with his kids on the beach only days ago, the Italian kicked again and again. Saying to the man who he wished was Chendrill as he did, “Tell me what it was you were saying back there in that room. Yeah, the bit about being a cock sucker. Tell me again, you fucking piece of shit—tell me again. Tell me again. Tell me again. Tell me again. Tell me again.”***********  With the light fading quickly, Chendrill drove the Aston deep into Burnaby and wondered where Dennis was. He’d passed twice since he’d last seen him at the house when he’d been there watching a man with a diamond in his front tooth who thought he could sing. He could call, he thought, but on the end of the phone he wouldn’t be able to look into the man’s eyes and that’s what he needed to do. There was a problem and it wouldn’t go away. The problem being that Patrick had been asking to find Alla, which was almost impossible to do. He wanted her in the movie because she was the most beautiful woman he’d ever seen—though from what Chendrill could gather it wasn’t exactly as though the man had seen a lot of her face when he’d been in her company. But now Sebastian had gotten involved, saying almost out of pure curiosity, “Well let’s see what she says, Chuck.”  He got out of the Aston and looked around, then walked along the road to where Archall Diamond had been parked with his truck and stopped. He carried on to the now empty basement. From what he could see there was oil on the driveway that hadn’t been washed away by the rain and there were no cobwebs on the door. Dennis was still living there, but just wasn’t there at the moment. As for his wife Alla, the most beautiful woman in the world according to Patrick—and no doubt Dennis—with the doors all being shut and her in a wheelchair, then the odds were that she’d left and not come back.   He headed south and reached Archall Diamond’s place and on opening the door could see the slight tracks of a man and the tracks of a wheelchair in the dust of the cocoa pops that were all over the floor. If they were there to stop anyone sneaking up on him because of the crunching then it hadn’t worked, he thought, as he walked around the house and then up the stairs into the bedroom. Last time he’d been there, the bed had been covered in cash and pills, but now the bed was clear and the tires tracks at the bottom of the stairs led to the ramp at the front door. Alla, it seemed, had left and not come back.  ****************  Well I looked for Alla and she’s vanished, Chendrill thought as he looked at the clock on the dash of the Aston which read 11:00 pm and knew he could do a lot more. Then making a mental commitment to search out Dennis sometime soon, he forgot all about it and began to wonder if he should call Dan’s mother. He could have picked her up from work, but he’d learned over the years of finding and losing women that sometimes less was more.   He reached the end of Dan’s mother’s road and looked down the street. Dan’s Ferrari wasn’t there but his light in his basement cave was on. Parking the Aston in its usual spot, he got out and walked up the short steps to the front door. Inside through the door he could hear Tricia was crying. With a soft knock on the door’s small window he pulled out the only set of keys to her home she’d ever given to a man and opened the door.   As soon as he was inside, Tricia was on him running down the corridor and when she reached him, Chendrill could see her tears were a mix of pure anger and worry. She said before he could get a word in, “Chuck, call Sebastian and tell him he needs to get him out of here.”   Placing his arm around her slender back, Chendrill walked her to the kitchen and as soon as he entered he could see the mess. He said, “What’s the problem?”  Pulling away from him and screaming as she pointed to the counter, the floor and the curtains, Tricia said, “That’s the problem, look what I’ve come home too!”   Chendrill looked around the kitchen—it was a mess. The butter was everywhere, sugar, flour, some sauce, but he’d seen worse. He said, “Has someone been baking a cake?”  Almost as quickly as Chendrill could finish his words, Tricia replied, “No one’s been baking a cake okay! You don’t bake a cake and not use a bowl, and you don’t bake a cake in the fucking bathroom or the hallway and you don’t use the fucking curtains either.”   Without a word, Chendrill walked away from the kitchen and into the bathroom. The light was still on and as soon as he entered he could see butter and sugar all over the sink and mirror, and what looked like blood. He walked back out and into the kitchen and asked, “Is that blood in there?”  “It’s not food colouring Chuck, okay? Of course it’s blood.” Then she carried on, “It’s everywhere, blood, flour, butter, and sugar.” She walked to the top of the stairs and screamed down towards the door where her son lived, “Dan, what the hell is going on, there’s blood and crap everywhere.”  Then they both heard Dan’s voice calling back through the door, “Listen leave me alone, I’ve got a problem.”  And he did—it was his mother. Calling straight back down the stairs, she said, “What the hell have you been doing all evening? Where the hell is the blood coming from?”   Dan said again, “Leave me alone. I’ve got a problem.”   Then it hit her. It was obvious what had been going on, he had a girl back here and they’d been in the kitchen making food and they’d started screwing and there was a possibility whoever it was had her period. She said, “Have you got a girl down there?”   “No,” came Dan’s voice from the basement.   “Why’s there blood everywhere then and where’s my kitchen roll gone?”  Then they both heard Dan call up through his door, “It’s Chendrill’s fault.”   Tricia looked to her boyfriend, whose job it was to look after her son, waiting for an explanation. Chendrill stared back, shrugging his shoulders without a clue. Then Chendrill said, “Maybe he was making some food and he cut himself?”   Tricia said back, “Some detective you are, where’s the knife? You think if he’d hurt himself while cooking he wouldn’t be up here? Besides, he doesn’t cook, the closest he’s ever gotten to cooking is putting bread in the toaster. And—what does he mean it’s your fault. What’s been going on while I’m at work?”  **************  Sebastian sat at his desk at home with the side light on and worked his way through the paperwork he needed to get done before he went back into the office in the morning to sit at a meeting that had been originally set up for nine but which, now his old friend Roger had come on board, had been pulled back to eight.   He liked to be busy, and busy he was now that he had a movie starting in a couple of weeks’ time, but it was hard to concentrate with little Fluffy rubbing his ass on the carpet like he was. He looked at his dog as he came over settling back at his feet. Rock Mason would be in town soon and it was funny how things had changed around the office since the director, who didn’t like Chuck, had gone out of his way to get him on board. Even Adalia had quieted down with her demands—at least a bit.  He picked up his half empty cup and took a swig, the tea was cold now and it surprised him as it hit his lips. Had it been that long? he thought, and turning he looked at the clock—it was almost one in the morning, a whole two hours late for little Fluffy to have his nighttime walk. He said, “Fluffy, what am I doing, you poor thing, I should have had you outside hours ago. No wonder your bottom is itching.”   He put the dog on his leash and tucked his arms into a light Merino cardigan to protect him from the night air and stepped into the elevator. The park out front next to the beach was quiet now in the early morning. They crossed the road and walked along the sloping path which led to the beach and stopped at a group of rocks separating the path from the sand. He shouldn’t be there with the dog, he knew that only too well, and it was another slight adjustment to make once he became king of the city—well, kind of. He could feel the wind picking up now as he sat down on a rock and looked out over the waves lit dimly by the street lamps. Taking a deep breath he felt the fresh air fill his lungs as he listened to the gusting wind as it hit the trees behind in the park, rustling their leaves as it passed through like a ghost moving in the night—the leaves blowing, the surf breaking and spreading itself thin across the sand of the beach, the clicking of the young boys’ bicycles as they circled up on the road and dropped down to pass Sebastian as he sat there quietly alone.   He watched them go almost out of sight in the distance, both of them talking as they rode together. Then, almost in sync, they broke formation, turning in an arc and headed back towards Sebastian with their faces no longer visible from their t-shirts pulled up above their noses. Reaching Sebastian, the larger of the two moved in close, punching Sebastian hard in the face as the smaller of the two grabbed his dog.   “You want some more of what you just got or shall we just shit kick the dog?” said the larger of the two kids.   Sebastian held his jaw and moved himself away from the beach and out onto the pathway that led away from the seawall and up under the trees. Holding his mouth and tasting blood for the first time in years, he said surprisingly, “I don’t care about the dog, he’s not mine and all he does is shit anyway.”   The young boys were laughing now, at the old man with the strange voice trying to be funny. The older one said, “So, you don’t care if we throw him in the sea?”  "There’s no need for that,” Sebastian said, as he looked up at the empty road.   The bigger kid who’d hit him smiled under his t-shirt saying, “There’s no cops up there at this time of night—if you wanted them you should have been down here a few hours ago before they went looking for a Starbucks.” Then looking to the dog, he said, “You want me to throw the mutt in the sea or not?”  Sebastian shook his head, he didn’t. As he looked at Fluffy pulling at the lead to get back to him and away from the younger of the two boys, he said, “What do you want?”  “What you got?” answered the bigger of the two.   Sebastian felt for his phone, which wasn’t there, and neither was his wallet. Remembering leaving them up in his penthouse, he said, “I have nothing.”   The kids laughed together, then the youngest of the two spoke for the first time saying, “Well, looks like the dog’s going for a swim.”   “Take my sweater it’s worth a grand, same with my shoes,” said Sebastian.   “What do we look like a fucking thrift store?” said the older of the boys, laughing again.   Then taking a deep breath, Sebastian said firmly, “Well you can fight me or you can fuck off.”   The two kids stared at him, this old gay guy getting tough. The older of the two dropped his trick bike to the ground and moved towards Sebastian as Sebastian took a step towards him and caught the kid straight in the eye with a left hook.   Stunned the older kid stepped back as the other began to laugh. Then without another word the bigger kid ran quickly towards the other, grabbing Fluffy’s leash and pulled him out across the rocks and into the openness of the beach, calling out as he went, “Let’s see if the dog can fly.” As Sebastian scrambled across the rocks, the older kid began to spin, taking the dog with him, making Fluffy run at first until the poor dog with the itchy ass couldn’t run any longer and his paws left the sand as the young man spun him around and around like an Olympic hammer thrower and moved towards the water, shouting out, “Woooo wooo fly doggy fly.” Then just as the kid made it to the water, Sebastian came running desperately down the beach and slammed his body into the kid just as the kid let go, and sending Fluffy like a small white missile up into the air over the surf and beyond into the dark black water as they both fell into the sand.  Deafened by the sound of the surf and ignoring the kid laughing in his ear, Sebastian picked himself up off the ground and ran without a thought for himself out into the cold pounding surf. Pushing his body through the waves as they hit his groin, punching through the first set then the second as they hit his chest and then the third as they took his feet from the seabed and encased his head in the chilling sea.   Struggling in the darkness Sebastian pulled himself to the surface on the other side of the rushing waves. Out there in the darkness was his dog, swimming or floating on the water and trying to survive—just as he was now. He looked left, then right, then spun around as the swell lifted him up and dipped him back down again as the waves rolled in from the bay.   Then he saw him, his white body laying on the water as it crested on a peak, lit from the city lights miles away in the distance. Sebastian kicked once and then twice, pulling his arms above his head as he swam along in the swell watching his dog appear and reappear in the darkness of the water.   Suddenly, out of breath and gasping for air, he had reached him and was there next to the dog he and Alan had picked out of so many long ago when Fluffy had been a puppy and all had been well in Sebastian’s world. Sebastian straightened his body, steadying himself in the water as the little dog yipped and clawed at his master’s head, desperate for survival, his frightened eyes straining, bulging out of their sockets, as his soaked fur clung to his tiny skull.   *************  Chendrill entered the office at about half an hour past nine and got a ‘who are you and why are you late’ look from Roger, the new producer who used to live with Sebastian. Then just as he was sitting down and looking under the table to see if Mazzi, who had not shaved, was still wearing the plasterer’s boots, he heard the guy say, “If you’re looking for Sebastian he’s not under there, he’s gone home.”   No shit, thanks for the update you cocky fuck, Chendrill thought, as he then stood and turned, opened the door again and left. He was almost out the door when Sebastian’s friend from old caught up with him and holding out his hand to Chendrill said, “I’m sorry I just clued in, are you Chuck?”  Chendrill smiled and, taking the man’s hand said, “Yes, I take it you are Sebastian’s friend.”  “Roger Salmep, pleased to meet you, Sebastian tells me you are a wonderful man and a great detective.”  Chendrill smiled as the thought of what kind of over the top elaborate description Sebastian would have given of him. He said, “Well you know how he can be, don’t believe a word, but if you lose your cat or dog, I’m your man because that’s about as exciting as it gets around here.”    And with those words he saw Roger’s face change, the man looking to the floor for a moment before looking up again and asking, “Has Sebastian not called? He said he would. I’m not sure if you’ve heard but he’s pretty upset, his dog died.”  Chendrill stood there for a moment, not knowing what to say. It was just a dog, yes, but it was what the dog meant to his friend that was the problem. Taking a deep breath, he asked, “What happened?”   Roger stood there, scratching his head, then he said, “I’m not sure, he was here first thing even before me and he was quiet. He has this black bruising around his eye and scratches on his forehead and neck. I asked what had happened and all he’d say was ‘it’s okay,’ then he told me the dog was gone. He was here for a bit but then he left.”   It was just starting to rain as Chendrill drove the Aston quickly along Pacific towards English Bay and nipped through the red on both lights as he went. What the fuck had happened? The man called him every other day with an emergency that was nothing of the sort and then when he loses his dog and is injured, he doesn’t say a word. When he arrived, it was the first question he asked, as he sat at the dining table with Sebastian, discreetly looking to the man’s bruised eye as Sebastian watched as the rain hit the windows. Sebastian waiting for what felt like the longest time until he eventually told him everything from start to finish. The kids cruising by and then coming back to hit him and then him hitting the older one back harder. Sebastian sitting there bolt upright and serious with bloodshot eyes from crying. Chendrill saying with a smile, “And you punched the guy out?”   “Oh, just because I’m gay Chuck doesn’t mean I can’t throw a punch. I used to box at school you know. There’s a lot of tough gay men in this world you know. It’s not just you.”   Chendrill knew that. It wasn’t that long ago he’d taken a Russian one on himself and the man could have very easily killed him. He said, “And because of this he threw your dog into the ocean?”   Sebastian stared at the table, without looking up he said, “Yes, if not for that storm from a few days ago way out in the Pacific making its way here I think he would have been okay.”  “And you went out in it in the dead of night to save your dog—you’re lucky you’re still here,” said Chendrill.  “Am I?” Sebastian said as he looked up at him.   “It’s not your fault or the storm’s that the dog died; it’s the kids’ fault for attacking you and throwing him in the drink.”   “Because I hit him.”   Chendrill thought about it for a bit. The guy in his sixties, punching some punk kid then swimming out in a swell, finding the dog and bringing him back in as he swam on his back with one arm cradling the dog, riding the surf as the waves came in one after another until he hit the shore. Only when they reached the beach had he found the dog had stopped breathing. Did the dog drown or had the kid injured it internally? Chendrill wondered.   Sebastian saying straight after as though he could read Chendrill’s mind, “I think he had a heart attack, Chuck.”  Chendrill looked at him and closed his eyes for a second before saying, “Maybe.”   “I think so because he started whimpering and yelping when he was on my chest and then he went still.”  Chendrill looked up and wondered what he was going to do to the kids when he found them. Kids or not they were going to learn a lesson. He said, “I’m sorry Sebastian, I wish I could have been there.”   “Same Chuck, but don’t get a guilt trip going because it’s my fault I pushed myself so hard working late like I did. If I hadn’t, I’d be just getting out of that meeting about now or in my office listening to Roger telling me what a wanker Patrick is.”  Chendrill laughed, the man still coming out with one liners just a few hours after walking to his favourite spot in the park. The man doing so while he was still soaking wet and digging up the dirt next to his favourite tree with his bare hands and burying the one thing he loved more than anything in this world. Sebastian said, “How’s Dan?”   Chendrill laughed for a moment then said, “He’s hurt his dick.”  An hour later, Daltrey was sitting in Sebastian’s living room looking cool with a hat on to cover her hair along with Williams, who was in uniform and trying to be all professional. Williams asked, “Mr. String, did you manage to get a look at their faces?”   He hadn’t, and with the slightest of shakes of his head he told him so. Daltrey spoke for him, “One’s about 14 the other about 18, both have brown hair and are thin in the face, the older one is almost 6’ and the younger is about 5’6.”  “Brothers?” Williams asked.   “Maybe, high chance,” Daltrey replied. “They both wore skate shoes, but so does half the town at their age.”   “How do you know them?” Williams asked at once, feeling even more inferior than he had already been, being in the company of two accomplished detectives.   “Just do,” Daltrey said, “they roll people late at night, drunks and such. If you want to catch them just go for a walk somewhere quiet after 2 a.m. and they’ll probably find you,” and this was exactly what Chendrill had already decided to do.  That same night Chendrill went out, wandering around in the darkness, sitting on benches. Then getting back in the Aston when no one was around and moving to another spot around town where it would be easy to fall victim to a couple of thugs who knew no better than to mug old men and throw their dogs into the sea to drown. Chendrill, out there, sleeping by day and wandering the parks by night, staying away from the normal channels so that no one other than his tight circle would know what he was up to.   Watching, waiting as lovers and drunks came and went and the homeless moved noisily to and from their shelters hidden in bushes and behind walls. Daltrey joining him sometimes in the dead of night, seemingly intuitive as to where he would be and telling him how nice it was to be looking after Sebastian. The young woman liking Sebastian so much after their first meeting and volunteering to cover for Chendrill by day at Slave. This beautiful girl who was still shaken, watching the offices swell in preparation for the film Patrick was producing even though he didn’t know what it was about. The man avoiding Daltrey at all cost and finding ways to leave the office for a writers’ conference once a day so he could talk his way into getting his ass worked.   This time though she’d found Chendrill sitting alone on a log at Sunset beach a mile to the east of Sebastian’s home, and as she sat there next to him closer than maybe she should have been, she felt the night air on her face and heard Chendrill ask, “Sebastian’s friend Roger still riding everyone is he?”  Daltrey nodded and smiled. The man was like a demon and ripping into anyone who fucked up or showed in the slightest that they did not care. She answered, “He is yeah, they start shooting a splinter unit in a couple of days. Sebastian’s in the thick of it, quiet, but smiling.”  Chendrill listened and apart from news with regard to Sebastian he could care less.   “Mazzi Hegan, still got those boots on?”  “They mention his name a lot, but all I hear is that he’s at the studio. Wherever that is.”    Then pausing she said with a big smile, “Rock Mason’s coming in tomorrow.”   Chendrill turning to Daltrey said, “Dan’s mum wants to meet him—if they ask you to pick him up, don’t.”   Daltrey said straight back, “Don’t worry, they tried that, I told them straight—I’m not a taxi. Anyway, I doubt Sebastian would ask. He told me what happened last time.”  Chendrill smiled as he wished he’d done the same straight off the bat, and then laughed as he remembered the ‘Big Director’ getting all red in the face after being told to fuck off—and how Sebastian had stuck up for him. He said, “Yeah Sebastian’s a good man.”   Then she said, “There’s this other man who keeps turning up also, he looks familiar and he’s missing his fingers on his left hand.”   Without looking up, Chendrill said, “He used to play guitar but Sebastian’s going to make him mayor.”  Daltrey smiled, and said, “That’s it. I liked that guy, he did ‘Boom Boom Love’.”   He looked at her sitting there at 3 a.m. on the old log from a different era which had drifted in off the water many decades ago and wondered what Daltrey had been like as a teenager rocking out to Clive in his tight jeans and long hair. Then he wondered what would happen if those kids came along now to roll a couple of late-night lovers and how she would handle it. He asked, “How are you doing, feeling better?”   She was, at least a bit, having been to see a private therapist she knew who loved his wife and was outside the police system. The guy helping her see things for what they were and letting her know it was natural to run and be scared. She’d also been out with the big biker girl and discovered it was natural to run from her also, at least for the moment anyhow. She said, “I’m cool, Chuck—you’ll know when I’m not. Soon I’ll be putting all my efforts into finding the name of this girl who saved me. Once you find these kids, that is.”  Leaning down and picking a stone from the sand, Chendrill said, “If you want I’ll help you with finding out who she was and anything else you need to know.”  Daltrey took a deep breath, it would be good to have the big guy with her when she felt the time was right to go to the morgue and onto the streets after to find who the girl who’d saved her really was, but reality was that it was something she needed to do on her own. She said, “Thanks, but I’ll be fine. I’d hate to take you out of your vigilante phase in life.”   Chendrill smiled. Daltrey wasn’t wrong, it’s exactly what he was doing. He said, “Well, maybe if I’m lucky they’ll find me tonight and mug me.”   Daltrey looked at him and said, “You’re too big, they wouldn’t chance it. It’s a predatory thing remember.”  She wasn’t wrong and deep down Chendrill had known this all along, but there was always that slight chance and one could hope.    He said, “Has Sebastian bought you a car yet? He likes to do that.”  Daltrey smiled and leaned back on the bench. Saying, “No, but he hinted at it, we went for a spin in my Audi after work the other day and he asked if I’d seen the new ones. I doubt he will though, not with the two Ferraris he bought Dan and Mazzi Hegan sitting in the pound.”   Chendrill looked at her and smiled, then he said, “I wondered why you’d come to see me at this hour.”  “Yeah there’s something I think you should see.”  They cruised along McGill Street in the Audi. The gate was down in the entrance to the compound where the tow trucks dropped off their hauls before heading off to do their duty for the common man. The two Ferraris were now together at the front of the lot for everyone to see, lit with work lights from either side as though they were in a showroom. The guy who’d brought them both in was in the office now, using his neck for a pillow and looking at his phone, waiting around the clock to collect the $110 fee per car for releasing them from his clutches and for the opportunity to say ‘fuck you’ to Chendrill when he did.   As they watched from the other side of the street, Chendrill said, “Fuck me, what a loser.” Daltrey smiled, Sebastian had told her all about the letters and calls he’d been getting ever since Chendrill had first skipped the barrier and not paid the release fee each time the Ferrari got towed. Now the pricks had two.   Chendrill laughed to himself, the guy was going all out this time—even working the night shift, it seemed, so he could keep an eye on the cars that were, for the moment, now his.    Big Carl the tow truck driver flipped the phone app and swiped ‘like’ for every new single girl on there with white skin, who he hoped would respond to his initial approach and his new profile showing the wannabe Angel standing next to both Ferrari’s with their doors open. None would, unless they were insane—which is exactly what his wife was when he’d married her, but she was at home now doing exactly the same swiping right as he was but getting a better response because of the cleavage she was showing.  He looked at his two Ferraris out there in the night, sitting all lit up with pride in the centre of the pound, the pictures of him hauling both into the yard stuck on the wall next to the window with ‘Fuck U 1’ and ‘Fuck U 2’ written under each for everyone to see, especially the prick with the shirts whenever he came down to pick the things up.   Out back he heard the engine start on the big wrecker tow truck they used for bringing in heavy goods vehicles when they broke down. The towing company charging it out at $500 a pop for the privilege. Where the fuck was the truck that had broken down and needed a tow? he thought.   Once upon a time it would have been him driving it himself, turning up with the wrecker and its huge tow bars and crane on the back. Coming in at speed, pulling up at the side of the road, blasting his air horns and revving the fuck out of the machine like some sort of idiot superhero who had come to save the day. The big oaf getting out his cab, dropping down and shaking his head like it was the worst thing that could have ever happened to him that day in Vancouver. The man strutting about, making a meal about nothing, with his arms hanging awkwardly and his legs apart—like he’d shit himself—because of the steroids. The guy doing his best work to look as though he was the one who was going to have to fix the truck back at the yard when in reality he couldn’t start the lawn mower.    There were some mechanics out back on bonus and still operating at this hour, but most would have called it a day. Reaching out and up Big Carl pointed his porky, ring covered fingers towards the ceiling and then slapped his left hand down on the large red button that opened the gate as he saw a tow truck rounding the corner from out back getting ready to head out onto the street. Its chrome bumper shining in the night as its fog lights squared up to the office window and blinded him as the huge machine maneuvered itself towards the open gate.  Then for a moment the huge tow truck he used to look so cool in stopped and the airbrakes came on. Its engine’s rhythmic rumbling powering the blinding lights crashing in through the office window as it idled.  Big Carl sat there, shielding his eyes from the lights as he listened to the huge Detroit diesel engine rumble. Calling out through the office window with its little glass slot—the one he liked to slam shut when the general public whose cars he’d towed began to tell him how they felt—the man shouting out, “Come on move the fucking thing.” But the wrecker wasn’t going anywhere, for when he stepped outside with his hand to his eyes the truck’s side door was open and the Ferraris were gone. *************  They took both the Ferraris east and then north over the Iron Workers Memorial Bridge both hitting 200kph as they reached the north shore on the other side and kept up that speed along Highway One as they headed west across the North Shore. Slowing at Capilano, they took a right through the chicane that took them onto it, hit the bottom moments later then took two more rights and a big swoop up onto and across the Lionsgate Bridge and into downtown Vancouver. And before the tow truck driver had got in and reversed the huge wrecker truck he wasn’t allowed to drive anymore back into its usual spot, Chendrill and Daltrey were back in Yaletown and parked legally outside Slave. “The one you drove is Dan’s, Sebastian had it fitted with a governor and it’s not supposed to go past 90. I went the long way so as I could tease you on the highway, but it looks like the little fucker’s been tampering with the electronics like he does,” said Chendrill when they got out.   Picking up a cab, they cruised back along McGill, both of them sitting in the rear like a couple who had been together for so long they no longer held hands. They stopped in a side street at the rear of the compound and switched cars back to Daltrey’s Audi. Something was bothering Chendrill and it had been from the very start, but now more so.   He said to Daltrey as they passed through the night back down to the lonely park by the water where Chendrill had staggered along like a drunk and sat down to sleep only an hour or so before, “Why would that phone owned by this stripper who Sebastian’s bought a house for end up with you that night you called me from the boat?”  “Sebastian bought some stripper a house?” asked Daltrey.  “He does things like that, he’s very generous.”   “And you think the woman played him?”  “Initially—yeah, that’s what I thought, but now no, I think she was just lucky, meeting him like she did. I went over there and her husband told me to tell Sebastian to get the boxes all the furniture came in out of there—you know, ‘get rid all that shit’ is the way I think he put it.”  Daltrey sat there and looked out the window, tapping her fingers on the steering wheel. Then she said, “Wow.”  Chendrill carried on, “Truth is, I kind of put it all on the back burner because we had this other idiot trying to shake him down and I had Dan to keep an eye on as well.”   “Dan?” Daltrey said, almost to herself.  “Yep.”  Then Daltrey said, “I still can’t get used to seeing him in these posters in town and at Slave. My friend says she’s so sick of him she wants to punch him out.”   “Punch him out then fuck him—or fuck him, then punch him out?” Chendrill asked with a smile.  “Neither, she’s a bulldyke. You know that prick once tried to kiss me straight after he’d puked up oysters.”  Chendrill laughed, that was typical Dan. He said, “And they say romance is dead.”   He lifted his right hand up and began to open the door. Just as Chendrill was about to get out, Daltrey grabbed his left arm from across the centre console stopping him. She said, “If I didn’t have my own issues right now Chuck I’d be inviting you home.”   And Chendrill said straight back, “If I didn’t have Dan’s mother to lie next to every night these days we’d already be at my place.”  Reaching out, he held her hand for a moment and then, raising it to his lips, kissed the back of it for a moment.   Closing the door, Chendrill walked away as he watched Daltrey pass by in her Audi and take a turn that would lead her to her apartment—where he could have been on his way back to also had he wished. She was a good woman that Daltrey, he thought, still sexy as hell even if some of her hair was missing.   He walked further along the road in the darkness towards the Aston, the kids on their bikes now just appearing from the park where he’d been sitting just before when Daltrey had come to visit.   Fuck, thought Chendrill, knowing he’d missed the opportunity to give them a hiding and throw their trick bikes off of the seawall into the bay. The kids heading along the road towards him, automatically sizing him up as too big and alert to fuck with.    Chendrill let them go without any acknowledgement whatsoever—their trick bikes tick tick ticking in the early morning calm. He reached the Aston and started it up, looking in the mirror to see which way they were heading home.   The boys went south for a block, then as Chendrill watched from four blocks back they went east, winding along the pathway in and out of sleeping cars and doing jumps off the curb. They hit East Hastings, cruising through the junkies and homeless almost as though they were at home themselves, standing and riding with their bodies leaning forward and hats to the side.   By the time they had reached the house Sebastian had bought for their mother, Chendrill was already tucked in along the road amongst the cars that would soon be taking their owners to work in the early morning sun.   It was almost six when he woke and looked to see if any lights were on in the million-dollar home with its big bay window that Sebastian had liked so much. At seven nothing had changed, and by eight they were all up. In Chendrill’s mind, the school in Strathcona was two minutes walk away and if the boys went there they’d ride or walk. Either way, if school started at nine they’d be leaving at five after.   At 9:03 a.m. the front door opened as the boys with their skinny faces passed by on the other side of the road, heading towards the school. Chendrill now saw in the light of the day that the taller of the two was sporting the shiner Sebastian had given him a few days earlier. Ten minutes later their mother was out and heading in the same direction. Passing in her tight jeans and high heels, the woman was tall like her boys and still looking good with her long hair and breasts the way ex-peelers do.   Chendrill got out and walked along the road to the house. The husband who wanted him to clean up the shit last time he was there was now visible through the large bay window and walking around in the living room. He reached the steps and walked up to the door, knocked once and waited. Then again, and again until he saw the husband walk into the corridor and open the door. “I’m busy,” the guy said immediately.   “I work for the landlord, he says you got stuff that needs doing.”    “Oh, that fuckhead, come in.”   Chendrill walked inside and looked around; the place was clean, but the ex-stripper’s husband wasn’t. The guy standing there smoking in his wife beater shirt, with his little feet that didn’t match the boots sitting by the door sticking out the bottom of his track suit bottoms. The man asking Chendrill as though Chendrill was his for the day, “Where’s your van?”  “It’s not a van it’s a truck,” said Chendrill, “it’s up the road.”   Chendrill walked further into the house looking about and saying, “Nice place.”   The husband saying straight back as they walked into the living room, “Yeah I’ll be buying it right off the guy in the winter.”   Knowing the man was full of shit and looking again at the size of the guy’s feet, Chendrill said, “Cool.” Then he asked, “What do you do?”     The guy hesitated for a moment, then said, “Freelance.”   “Oh, great—in what?”   “At the docks. But now I’ve got other stuff, takes me down south.”   Chendrill nodded, he knew the type, worked in the union, took day-calls when it was busy and went on EI until they had to go back to work. Employment Insurance or Worker’s comp if they could feign an injury—or, even better, get one for real. He said, “Cool. What you doing down south then?”   The husband not answering and saying out of the blue instead, “You wanna beer?”   Chendrill looked at the clock and saw it read 9:20 in the morning, so he said, “Cool.”   The husband disappeared into the kitchen and came back out with three cold Coors, handing one over and taking a huge slug of one of his two. “You got any weed or blow?” he asked.  Chendrill nodded and, lying, said straight back, “Yeah in the truck.”   “Cool,” said the guy, as he sat down at the same time to drink his beer and not offering Chendrill a seat. He reached down the side of the sofa Sebastian had just bought the family, pulled out a bag of dope along with a pre-rolled doobie and lit it. Chendrill watched him and, sitting down without asking, Chendrill asked again, “What you doing down south?”   The man smiled and said straight back with a wink, “Top secret shit.”  “How old your boys?” Chendrill asked.   “The skinny fucker’s 13 and the lanky fucker’s 16.”  “Was that your missus that just left?” asked Chendrill.   “Yeah, you see her? Hot hey? Girl’s still got it. Bet you’d like to be banging that?” the man said back, “If it weren’t for that bag now, maybe you’d be in for a bit.”  Chendrill looked at him and asked, “Bag?”  “Yeah bag, you know ones they put in you when you can’t shit. She used to be a peeler.”  “Wow, she was a dancer?” Chendrill said.  “Yeah, real good one, travelled with it and all, all over the U.S. and Canada. You may have seen her because she was here a lot.”   “Cool,” said Chendrill, nodding, and wondering if he actually had seen her for real as the guy carried on.  “Now she’s got herself all fucked up. All she’s good for now is the kitchen so she’s taking a job at the school—but she’s still a good fuck. Back in the day she’d have got me to watch her take a big guy like you in her mouth, same as she should’ve done before when she got all fucked up.”   Chendrill looked at him, still playing it dumb and not believing what he’d just heard the guy say. The man carried on, “That’s why I took this gig going south, see she ain’t got it no more with the stripping.”  He took a big hit on his joint, held it for what Chendrill thought was an age, then let it out, blowing the smoke into the carpet. Then almost as if he had not stopped at all, he carried on saying, “You know one time she was away a while, done a tour in the southern states, Miami and New Orleans, you know, on the stage and lap dancing like they do. When she got back she discovered she’d picked up gonorrhea. I said, probably got it off the carpets from all the shit holes she’d been working in, but truth was I was the one who give it to her cause I knew I already had it when we was fucking.”   Chendrill hated the man, the guy betraying his wife like this to a complete stranger despite their history and thinking he was funny for knowingly giving his wife a sexually transmitted disease. Still playing it like an idiot, Chendrill said, “Cool,” again, for what now felt like the hundredth time. Then he carried on asking, “They not like dogs then your kids?”  The husband wondered at the change of subject when he was about to tell this guy stories about the time he’d gotten his wife so stoned she’d done a gangbang. He said, “Big dogs yeah, they’re cool, they’re like their dad on that one. They just hate them little stupid fucking ones—the streaks of piss,” he took another drag on his joint before he continued, “kids and the wife want to get a pit bull—now we have the house. I said I’m not picking up the shit in the yard.”   “Yeah, you’re right,” Chendrill said, “Maybe that’s a good thing. You know the guy who owns the place might come round and do it for you though.”   The husband looked over at Chendrill and smiled just before taking the last hit on his joint, letting it out as he took another swig of beer as Chendrill watched the ash from the joint fall into the man’s lap and down onto the cushions of his friend’s sofa, hearing the man continue saying, “Yeah maybe he should. Fuck him, let him clean up the dog shit. But he can stay in the garden, the cunt’s not coming in here.”   Chendrill nodded and, mirroring the guy’s sentiment, said, “Yeah. Fuck that guy.”   Leaning on his knees and thinking of putting the TV on so they could both look at the chicks on the morning show—that, or one of his pornos he’d put together—he said, “Yeah, fuck him. Guy can’t be telling us what’s this and that—you know, it’s enough with the fucking faggot calling my wife like he does.”  “He does that does he?” Chendrill asked.  “Yeah, the guy pissed me off so much I sent the boys over to kill his dog.”  Chendrill stared at the man for a moment, then said, “You did?”  “Yeah, but first time they did it they got the wrong faggot. Other night they didn’t though, cause I told them straight—I told them, it’s the old shithead with the dog, not the fuckhead with the hair—if you see the fucker on the beach and he has the little rat on him, drown the fucking thing.”   And that’s when Chendrill stood up and, with a huge rush of blood to his head, said, “Pick a window, you’re leaving.”   Then he grabbed the husband with both hands and threw the prick upside down straight through the big bay window.  Chendrill walked out through the front door and found the husband who liked to watch his wife get fucked laying in the garden in amongst the broken glass and smashed window frame still, strangely, holding his bottle of beer. Taking it off him, Chendrill chucked it back inside the house through the now smashed bay window. Chendrill then picked the man up by the scruff of his neck, dragged him along the road and threw him again, this time into the back of the Aston.**********  The husband didn’t have a clue what had just happened. One minute he was having a joint and a beer with some cool dude from the seventies—the next the fucker had thrown him through the window. And now he was being kidnapped in a luxury car and the child locks were on. As he sat up in the back, he said, “Hey, where the fuck’s the truck?”—saying it like it was normal to have just been thrown through a window. Then he said, “If it’s about the container with the asparagus last year, then I’ve already said I was sorry.”  It wasn’t.   Then he said, “Okay, I can’t tell you what day a drug ship’s coming because I’m not working that crew anymore.”  This was getting interesting, just like the old days except the car was a little nicer, Chendrill thought, as the man in the back with the wife who used to be a stripper started to blab, “It’s about the container with the kitchenware?”   It wasn’t.  “It’s about the container with all the tomatoes from Chile?” asked the man as he tried the car door handle and window once more for luck as Chendrill slowed the car at a set of lights.  Then he asked, “It’s because I left the door open on Zero?”    Nope. But that one was interesting, thought Chendrill.  Then tired of the man and even more tired from being up every night for a week looking for the man’s two shithead kids who liked to mug people, Chendrill told him, “It’s about the dog.”  “What fucking dog?”  “The same one your eldest boy killed.”   Then he went quiet, as the car made its way downtown. Then he said, “Jesus, is that it? It’s just a stupid fucking dog. Stop at the pet store and I’ll get him another for fucksake?”  And Chendrill said, “It wasn’t just a dog—it was Sebastian’s dog.” And then he waited for a response, which wasn’t coming soon, and which still hadn’t as they hit Vancouver’s downtown core.  