Chapter Eleven  They parked the Aston outside the offices of Slave right next to the two Ferraris that had yet to move. Chendrill got out in the same manner as he used to when he’d been a cop and had just caught the bad guy.   With only his thumb and his forefinger around the husband’s wrist as cuffs, he marched the man across the road and only let go once they were through the doors and heading up the stairs to Slave. Then, with Chendrill guiding from behind like a teacher taking a naughty schoolboy to see the principal, they moved straight along the corridor without a word until he hit Sebastian’s office at the end. He opened the door, moved the guy inside, and said, “Sit down on the sofa.”   The husband looking about the room all confused. Then he asked, “Is this the police station?”   Chendrill smiled, still wondering why the man thought it was normal for police to throw people out of windows and drive Aston Martins. Then he answered, “No, I’m not a cop either, but if you give me any bullshit, you’ll be with one.”   The husband stood, even though he’d been told to sit, and began to wander slowly around the room, looking at the posters on the wall of celebs from old, fashion models of both genders in almost nothing at all. He stopped at the original stills of Dan cowering in the lift with blood running from his nose. Looking at Chendrill, he said, “Hey, I know this guy, I see him down Micky-D’s all the time.”  Then Sebastian came in looking all flustered and said, “Oh Malcolm, how nice to see you.”   So that’s his name, Chendrill thought, earlier the guy had been more interested in telling him he’d given his wife gonorrhea than introducing himself.  Chendrill piping up and saying, “Sebastian, I’m sorry to have to tell you this but this is the man responsible for what happened out on the beach the other night.”   If Sebastian was angry inside, he did not show it, Chendrill thought. The only thing different from his normal behaviour was that he took his time to sit down. Then looking up, Sebastian simply asked, “How?”   “He had his kids do it, they were responsible for what happened on the beach and Mazzi’s smack on the head that he blamed on the sash window,” Chendrill said.   “Why?”  “He thinks you’re hitting on his wife. But from what he’d been telling me earlier, this isn’t usually a problem.”   Sebastian sat there for a moment, lost in thought. Then looking up again, he said as he observed the man’s bony face, ripped muscle shirt, and track pants, “Is there anything you’d like to tell me?”  The husband, Malcolm, shifted uncomfortably from foot to foot, listening to the big guy in the fancy office feeling like he was suddenly part of a movie. He looked at the clock, it had just gone 10 a.m. and by now, under normal circumstances, he’d have knocked one out to a home made porno and been asleep and dribbling on the sofa Sebastian had bought them. He said, “Yeah there is, I’m not paying for that window you know.”  Sebastian looked at him for a moment completely confused. He asked, “What window?”   “The one your truck driver threw me through. The one at the front of the house.”   Sebastian stood for a moment, then sat again. Then looking to Chendrill and then back to the husband, he asked, “The bay window?”   And as the old cop in him came out, Chendrill said butting in, “Actually, he fell through it as he was trying to escape.”***********  Basil was doing well. In his eyes he was anyway. So far, he was getting himself down to the massage place to get his feet rubbed and meeting Maio after work almost every day—him there always wearing his suit that was looking like it needed a visit to the dry cleaner—and Maio there with him wondering now if this was the same guy who used to sleep with her sister.   They sat opposite each other in a cheap diner just off Stanley Park and watched the traffic pass by on Georgia. Maio’s wrists aching from 10 hours of rubbing people’s toes, Basil with a semi-on thinking about how nice it would be to have her back with him at his hotel. He said, as he had to her sister some time back, “I think you are the most beautiful woman I have ever met in my life.”  Maio smiled and said back, “Yes. Thank you. Very much.” Just like her English teacher had told her to say whenever someone said something nice—though it wasn’t as if she got to go to her English class much these days with all the work she’d been doing.   Basil moved it up a gear and reached across the table to touch her hand, saying, “You know, if you’re not busy, maybe you’d like to go to Whistler for the weekend sometime soon? You know, as a couple—boyfriend and girlfriend.”  She liked this one, she got it. The guy had not shaved in the last couple of days and was asking her if she liked his whiskers and if she was busy on the weekends, but this was confusing as he knew she always was. He was right about the amount of couples that came in together and sat next to each other holding hands on a Saturday or a Sunday also. She said, “Yes, I like.”   Great, perfect, Basil thought, couldn’t be better. Next weekend the pair of them would be away together in Whistler. He’d woo her all the way there in his rented car and then check into the hotel at the edge of the slopes and whip her up the mountain for a couple of hours and get her all elemental and tipsy with a couple of wines on the mountaintop. Then, when she was tired and needed a rest from the wine and fresh air, it would be back to the room with the view and she’d lay down on the bed and so would he. Then he’d kiss her for the first time, the way he had the last girl who had the same tool that hit the sweet spot at the top of his toes. He said, “So, great next weekend, you and I—off to Whistler?”   Maio got that one also as she tried to dig into the super burger that he’d bought for her without asking and at the same tried not to let the ketchup dribble down her chin. The guy was going to grow his beard for a bit, just like her father did sometimes, he’d do that then shave on the weekend. She said, “Yes. And you, handsome like father.”   Oh, great, Basil thought, this little Japanese girl had a daddy fetish. Things were really looking up. ************  It must have been three in the morning when Dan got the call—or at least that’s how it felt. In fact, it was 6 a.m. and Dan was already late—not that he could care less about that. It was Belinda who’d woke him, standing in the morning light at his low basement window with his hands cupped to the window pane, which could have done with a cleaning.   Dan had looked at him through half open eyes and said, “Get the fuck out of here.”   Belinda saying straight back through the window, “They are telling me to wake you sir.”   “Who?”  “Movie, sir; you are late for the movie, sir.”  Oh that, thought Dan, as he pulled the covers over his head and felt his dick, which was still covered in Band-Aids. The fucking movie they’ve been going on about every fucking minute of the day with calls and texts from this person and that. Dan answering and just saying ‘yes’, but not listening. The whole thing was just a load of nonsense in his eyes. Adalia was going to be there as well, he thought, as he felt the sting of woman troubles hit his gut for the first time. She had been calling and wondering if he wanted to ‘rehearse’ and he’d been ignoring her, knowing he was still sore down there and with that he would’ve had some issues that would be a little hard to explain.  He got out of the car at the old corrugated steel works and wandered about the place looking for food, eventually finding some at the side of a catering truck. There were more people here this time than the last when he’d had his shoes screwed to the stage to stop him moving. Then he saw Adalia—the woman coming out the side of a large white converted truck surrounded by about 6 people. Slowly they came towards him, Adalia in shades and a huge puffy coat even though it wasn’t cold, passing him, saying nothing.  Then someone was on him, a girl with headphones and a radio saying, “Hi Dan, you’re late,” talking to him as though she knew him.   What the fuck difference did it make if I’m late? Dan thought. They really needed to understand that he didn’t care if he was late, not a bit. He’d been down this road before and he knew he needn’t have gotten out of bed for another couple of hours. Then the girl said, “I’m Sadie. I’m a great fan. But don’t tell anyone.” Of what, a fan of what? Dan thought as he looked at her ass and asked her just that.   “Your last campaign,” said Sadie.   Like there had been one before that one, he thought, as he looked at her a little closer and immediately felt the Band-Aids on his dick begin to stretch. Then just as he was about to tell her he was starving, she said, “Has anyone shown you your trailer?”   What? Dan thought, a trailer? Last time he was here he had a box to sit on and now he’d get a trailer? He asked, “Is there any food about?”   The girl called Sadie, who had a crush on the BlueBoy guy the size of the vibrator she kept at the side of her bed—this sex machine who was six years younger than her and still lived with his mum—said, “Yes, but as you’re late they’ll need you in wardrobe, you need to get your space suit on.”  Three hours later, two of which where spent standing around, Dan was out again standing in front of a huge green screen dressed as an astronaut without his helmet on.   Jesus Christ, he thought, what a load of fucking nonsense. He looked around, there had to be three times as many people as the last time he’d been here and from what he could see pretty much all of them were doing nothing.  It was almost an hour before Adalia arrived along with the big mouthed old guy who kind of looked like Rock Mason. The people all faffing around them like they were gods and doing their hair and makeup when Dan knew that, any moment now, they’d all have their space helmets on. The guy Campbell something, who must be the director, making a show of it all, coming up and shaking Dan’s hand with both of his, giving him a bunch of bullshit instructions that went in one ear and straight out the other. Patrick, looking dapper as always, sitting there amongst a bunch of TVs all grouped together where all the important people sat and talked. Mazzi Hegan in the distance wandering about dressed like a straight guy.   They rehearsed without their helmets on. Adalia not making eye contact and the old guy putting on a show. Dan just going through the motions, listening and hitting the marks in blue that he was told were his. Then they put their helmets on and then they were off again because the old guy wasn’t comfortable, then they were on again, then off again because Adalia couldn’t breathe. Then when she could, the old guy couldn’t. Then Adalia’s helmet was off again while they drilled holes. Then the old guy’s needed holes. Dan stood there the whole time with his still on, feeling like a goldfish and wondering how much worse Adalia’s breathing would have been in comparison to when she’d had his dick down her throat a few nights back.   Another hour passed, and then thirty minutes more before the clapper board went down and the old guy was off walking around in front of the green screen with his helmet on trying to fix something that wasn’t there. Adalia standing there watching with her hands over the front of her helmet as though the world was about to end. Dan doing nothing—other than just walking to the next spot they’d told him to go to and watching the old guy wandering around.   And then they cut.   “Wow!” Dan heard someone shout from behind as he saw the guy he thought must be the director run up and hug both the old guy and Adalia at almost the same time. Saying to Dan as he passed, “Fantastic man, just fantastic.”  Dan took a step back and watched as Adalia and the old guy carried on making a fuss about their helmets as the people who all looked the same took them off. Dan still keeping his on.   Then the old guy was making a drama about how hard it had been to walk and act in the suit. Dan heard Adalia’s voice through his helmet, saying, “God you were terrific. Rock, just terrific.”  Dan looked at the man with his hair all wet through his own visor, which was steaming up. Fuck me, he thought, what a complete load of shit. What had the man done? Not a whole lot more than Dan had done, he knew that. They all had their marks to hit. Move, look, nod, move, look, nod, shake head in helmet, move, stop. That was it. Now this guy was carrying on like he’d just banged out his own solo performance of Othello. Fuck, he’d seen better performances in 1980’s pornos. They could have put a blind guy in the suit and sent him out there and things would not have been much different. On top of all that, from what Dan could see through his space helmet, this guy who looked like Rock Mason was making everything he did a drama. This and a few other things had also not been lost on the guy who was funding the whole project, and only halfway through their first day of filming, Sebastian was thinking along exactly the same lines.   It had all started with the room at the hotel. Sebastian had received a call from his friend who was running the show, saying the manager had called to say Rock Mason had been to front desk to complain there was sperm on the wall of the bathroom in his suite. And from what they could work out, he was right, there was. But there was a high chance that it was his own. Next there had been the room upgrade issue, and then when there wasn’t one there was a compensation issue, which the man had requested to be paid to him in the form of credit to be used at the hotel bar and the restaurant across the street.   The next issue had come first thing in the morning with his trailer. Adalia had her own personal Airstream Classic XL and Rock Mason’s was a standard Classic. He wanted the XL also. The difference was two feet more cupboard space—hence the XL. Until he had a XL or higher, which did not exist, he wasn’t going inside the Classic he had said. And, of course, how could he? He was Rock Mason after all.  Now he sat there in the way at the monitors, two seats down from Sebastian, who had yet to chat with him further than their initial introduction during which Rock Mason hadn’t been listening. Sebastian sitting there again wondering what the hell he’d gotten himself into and also when Dan would take his helmet off so his mother could see him.   Tricia was thinking exactly the same and feeling important as she sat there alongside Sebastian on a movie set for the first time in her life. Dan’s mother all excited as she sat only four feet away from her favourite movie star. She said as she leant in to talk quietly to Sebastian, “Do you think someone needs to get that helmet off Dan? He could be in trouble.”   Sebastian knew the kid would be hungry soon and told her so.   She looked over at Rock Mason, who was a lot shorter than she’d always imagined, but God he was good. The guy sitting there doing a crossword puzzle in his space suit with his helmet off looking cool after working his magic out there as he pretended to be doing something she could not understand.   Tricia took a deep breath and leaned in and said to the one guy on earth she’d always wanted to meet, “Hey, eh—hi! I’m Dan’s mother. I’m so thrilled to be here and meet you, it’s my first time on a movie set.”  Rock Mason, looking back at her giving her that great big Rock Mason smile she’d seen him give a hundred times on the big screen, said, “Great!”  Tricia carried on wanting to tell him how good he was in his last movie, “He’s Got Butter,” in which he played a pastry chef who falls in love with a girl from Ethiopia who washes the dishes but really is a dancer. She said, “I see you’re doing a crossword. I love them, I try to do one a day to keep my mind strong.”   Rock Mason smiled, then asked, “You like word play, do you?”   “Yes.”  Then with a twinkle in his eye he looked at her and said, “Well if I give you a few words to play with then let’s see if you can work out the correct sentence I’m trying to say to you okay? Here we go— ready? I’m - Off – So – Tired – Fuck.”  And before she’d worked it out, Sebastian already had, and softly placing his hand on her arm he leaned in and whispered in her ear, “Darling, you are a beautiful person—don’t ever believe what you see on TV.” And then he looked at her and saw that as she worked the words through into a sentence she was beginning to cry.   Putting her hands to her eyes, Tricia stood for a moment, said sorry—first to Rock Mason and then again to Sebastian—and quietly left the stage. In her entire life, she couldn’t remember anyone ever being that rude to her, and it having come from a man she’d admired from afar for so long, it had come as a shock. She reached her car, opened the door, and sat in it for a moment. She looked around at the trucks and people doing nothing and wondered where Dan was. Pulling out her phone she dialed his number and listened to it ring.   Dan stood at the edge of the green screen with his helmet on still and felt his phone vibrating in the rear pocket of his trousers inside his space suit. Pulling open a Velcro flap, he dug blindly inside until he reached it. Then pulling it out, he put it to his ear on the outside of his plexiglass helmet, which was now almost impossible to see out of. “Hello,” he called out, his own voice sounding strange and reminding him of when he was younger and got his head stuck in a bucket.  He called out again through the helmet, “Hello?”  Outside he could hear his mother’s voice calling, “Dan, Dan.”   He called out again, “Mum?” and heard his mother call back, “Dan. Dan can you hear me, where are you love?”  Tricia hung up, and still holding the phone dropped her hand to her lap. It had been awhile since she’d spoken to Chendrill because he’d said he was working and she only hoped he was, but things had felt different since this girl with the name like the singer had reappeared. There was no reason to feel insecure though and it had only been a few days since they’d both laid next to each other and cried with laughter after she’d told him she’d just found her son with paper towel and band aids around his penis. Turning the phone over, she scrolled down and called Chendrill’s number. As soon as she heard his voice, she burst into tears again, “Chuck, love. This man’s just been so rude to me.”   Sebastian sat there at the monitors as the world on the movie set turned. Patrick was doing nothing, the director was doing nothing, Mazzi, still in the plasterer’s boots, was doing what seemed like nothing. And he himself was doing nothing—besides paying for everything, as always, and worrying about Dan’s mother and missing his dog. Looking over to Rock Mason, he said, “Rock, darling, do you think you could have been a little bit nicer.” Not looking up or caring one bit for the words he’d just heard, Rock Mason said nothing. Sebastian carried on, “I should warn you that the young lady you just upset has a huge boyfriend who threw a man who upset me through a window yesterday—and he doesn’t like me half as much as he does her.”   Rock Mason turned and stared at the little guy in his cream trousers sporting what looked like the remnants of a black eye—who was around the same age as him, but not trying to hide it. He asked, “Who the fuck are you?”  “Just one of the guys at Slave,” Sebastian replied modestly.  “Slave?”  “Yes, they’re the ones paying you to be here.”  “Never heard of them. What pictures have they done?”  “None, this is their first.”  “Well when they’ve done 135 like me then come see me and tell me how to behave on a film set, until then go back to film school.”   Sebastian smiled and, without the slightest hint of upset, said straight back, “Perhaps you should remember that not everyone in this world cares about the fact that you’re an actor as much as you do.”  “I’m sorry?”  “Some people don’t care how many B movies you’ve done.”   “Fuck you.”   Sebastian laughed to himself. This prick who’d just done nothing but walk around in a space suit for half an hour and had been applauded for doing so by a director who was full of shit, was now telling him to fuck off. He said, “How’s the hotel room?” He waited for an answer that did not come. Then he asked, “How’s your trailer, squeezing into it okay are you?”   At this, he did get a response and it was Rock Mason turning to him and telling him straight, “Fuck you, get the fuck out of here—you’re fired.”   Sebastian looked at the man who’d just fired him off the film he was financing and laughed inside. Without the slightest display of emotion, Sebastian simply said back, “My good man. You need to realise something. I don’t work for you—you work for me. You can’t fire me—I am the one who fires you, if and when I want too, and I can do that anytime I wish—should the fancy take me.”   And then Chendrill arrived and, without a word to Sebastian, sat himself down between the two in Tricia’s director’s chair—the chair’s cloth and wood straining as he settled. He waited a moment, looking at the monitors, then at the green screen, and then at the guy on the edge in the space suit with the fogged-up helmet. Looking at Sebastian he asked, “Why’s there an astronaut standing out there?”   “It’s a space movie, Chuck,” said Sebastian.   “Well where’s the space ship?”   “It’s computer generated, ask Dan about it. He’ll know more about it than me—it’s more his generation.”  Chendrill looked around, then asked, “Where is he.”   Sebastian pointed to the screen, curving his index finger right on top of Dan’s head. “I think he likes looking at everything through the helmet.”  Chendrill looking back up at the huge lights pounding down onto the set realized it was Dan standing there with the helmet on, he said, “Isn’t he getting hot in there?”   Piping into the conversation that had nothing to do with him, without looking up from his crossword, and turning the conversation around to himself, Rock Mason said, “Yeah we get pretty hot out there but it’s what we do.”  Chendrill stared at him, smiling as Rock Mason looked back. And just as Rock Mason was about to drop a huge bullshit story about the time he’d played a fireman back in the 80’s and found a puppy in the set of a burning building and walked out with it in his arms and how it had looked so cool they’d kept it in the movie, Chendrill said, “Who are you?”  Rock Mason smiled and held out his hand. It wasn’t the first time he’d not been recognized straight off, but almost always after he’d introduced himself and the realization set in as to who he was, the return was worth the modesty, “Rock Mason. Movie Star.”  Charles Chuck Chendrill offered no hand in return and instead said back, “Chuck Chendrill. I hear you like word play. Let’s see how quick you can make a sentence out of these five words, “We – weren’t – talking – to – you – so – fuck – off.”  “That’s eight words,” Rock Mason said straight back.   “That’s right—the last three were to see if you could count.” *************  Rock Mason paced about in his Airstream Classic trailer, which he had refused to set foot in because it was two feet shorter than Adalia’s. He wanted to call his agent, but he couldn’t because he didn’t have one. Nor did he have any money in the bank anymore, hence getting rid of the agent. There had been a day when he’d have told that pompous Brit and his big fucking friend to go fuck themselves and got on a private jet back to his pool in Hollywood. But now all the pools were gone, along with the four wives he’d decorated them with over the years.   Now he was here doing stupid space films with other A-listers who were holding onto their careers better than he could, along with some stupid kid who couldn’t get his helmet off and had a sensitive mother. Now at the very same time he was trying to claw back something that may very well have been gone forever, he was being disrespected by mouthy boyfriends. But no one had to know that. He could keep it together and pretend he still had it all while he was here—same as Errol Flynn had until he’d died in this same goddamn awful city where it rained all the time.  Now he was roughing it in this tiny 31-foot rented Airstream Classic with its tiny wardrobe and a bullshit executive suite at the Sutton, living on a grand a day expenses which he had to use as wages instead of blowing it at the bar every night. Fuck, how had things gotten so bad? But you’re still here doing it, he told himself, as he laid himself out on the sofa of the Classic and wondered if he’d be able to get the girl with the headset on into the Airstream with him for a bit of fun. In his day, yeah, there’d been magic with more than a few when he’d had them in the trailer to watch him masturbate. But up here, now, where everyone wore black and cross trainers and abbreviated their sentences more now than they ever had before, times had changed.   He looked around, there had to be something that he could find that he could moan about for a while instead of that big fuck being rude—get the people in the office worried that he wasn’t happy. He couldn’t get drunk like he used to—that had always worked, but not these days, not like in the 70’s when it was pretty much expected of you. Back in the day when they’d call for Rock Mason and find him lying on the sofa of a proper Airstream trailer out in the desert somewhere he or anyone else could never find on a map again, he’d be there with his top off for good measure, with a bottle of Jack on its side on the coffee table and a crowd around him trying to wake him up—when inside he was fine, just playing the part. Acting. Always acting. Acting, acting.  He walked around the trailer and looked at the drawer space in the wardrobe. He’d looked it up, the Classic XL was better. It was bullshit, him having less draw space than Adalia Seychan, the fucking skank. Fucking bullshit, that and the fucking skinny bitch uber sensitive mother of that skinny retard kid and her big fucking small dick boyfriend getting all bent out of shape because he didn’t fancy chatting about fucking crosswords. And who the fuck was that guy at the monitors, getting all high and mighty telling him he can’t be fired? Well guess what pal—you can. If Rock Fucking Mason wants you gone, you’re gone—done. Get the fuck out and get the fucking bus home. And if you don’t like what you’re hearing, go try acting, go try and be a fucking master pastry chef one minute and a spaceman the next. Try that and see if you’ve got the concentration needed. You know how much concentration I’ve got? More than anyone here has—that’s how much.   Then he opened the door to his stupid fucking poxy top of the line Airstream Classic trailer and screamed it all out in a tone that would have even put Mazzi Hegan to shame on a bad day, “More concentration than you fucking lot!—Your gone pal!—If Rock Fucking Mason says you’re out, you’re gone—done. Get the fuck out—get the fucking bus home!”  Slamming the door, he paced once around his coffee table. He’d done 135 films and he was stuck here in a fucking piddly ass 31-foot trailer with no fucking wardrobe space. He’d tell them that as well, he walked to the door, opened it again and screamed out, “No fucking wardrobes!” and slammed the door shut again. 135 fucking films over 40 fucking years that’s what I have and I’m being treated like some kind of cunt, he told himself as he paced around the 31-foot executive trailer which was bigger than the one he’d had on his last film, when he’d spent all day in the kitchen pretending to be a pastry chef, then after, spent all his money bankrupting himself on six restaurants pretending to be a pastry chef. Muttering under his breath, he said, “135, me. These fucking idiots, 1—and they haven’t even finished that yet. So that makes zero. Zero!” He’d tell them that as well. Let them know he was angry, let it get all the way back to LA, to Hollywood, to Century City, to Paramount, Universal, Netflix, Dreamworks. He’d let the real people who made movies see what a fucking farce he was stuck on up here. He’d let them know and let them know right fucking now, and opening his trailer door again with a bang, he screamed that one out as well, “135 movies for me—fuck all for you—the best actor in the world—ME—you lot, you guys, you fucking loser cunts—Zero!—Zeee Roooo…. Zerrrroooo! Because I’m Rock Fucking Mason—Rock Fucking Maaaassssooooonnnn!”  Rock Mason, having a tantrum like a 2-year-old, screaming so loud that he hoped he could be heard over a thousand miles away in California and that the people down there would somehow care and be shaken up enough to rush to talk to whoever was in charge. But Sebastian, the one person who was truly in charge was already there and listening, standing in the crowd next to Dan and Chendrill watching as the self-proclaimed best actor and pastry chef in the world ranted and raved, and all he had to say after the man’s throat went hoarse and the trailer door had shut for the final time was, “I always thought he was taller.” **********  Come the afternoon, Rock Mason hadn’t come out of the trailer he’d refused to go into at the start of the day, and he wasn’t coming out until he’d spoken to someone in charge, someone with clout, someone from Hollywood.   At just after two in the afternoon, Patrick was knocking on the door and after a short while, without waiting for a reply that was never coming anyway, Patrick stepped right in. Rock Mason stared at him, this man with a million-dollar smile, standing there in the doorway with his arms spread wide, saying, “Rock my man, looks as though I got here just in time. Trust me, they were about to shut the show down. And we don’t need that.”   Rock Mason sat there taking in what he’d just been told and for a moment wondered if someone had jumped in a private jet and headed up north to sort things out. He said straight back, “Got here from where, Hollywood?”  “Yaletown!”  “Yaletown?”  “Slave’s offices in Yaletown.”  “Really?” said Rock Mason as he now remembered meeting the guy first thing in the morning, along with the limey cunt with the shiner, but couldn’t recollect his name either. He said without standing, “And you are who?”   “Patrick De’Sendro, executive producer.”   Patrick, Rock Mason thought, forgetting his surname almost as soon as he’d heard it. How many pictures have you produced? he thought, as he looked at the man’s teeth, knowing he could look at a call sheet later and check the guy out. He said almost with an element of pride, “They were almost shutting the show down hey?” He liked that, contracts stated that if a show collapsed he’d get fully compensated for the whole show. Then he could just get the fuck out of here and collect the measly million they’d offered and he could get on with his life.   Patrick nodded, then said, “Yep they were shutting the show down for a day or so until your replacement could get in.”  “Sorry?”   “But he’s not signed yet, so there’s time still to make this whole thing work out. No one wants you to lose this property,” said Patrick still using one of his timeless tried and trusted real estate quotes but forgetting again to adjust the phrasing to his new career.  “Property?”   “Movie.”   “Who’d they have in mind?” Rock Mason asked, wishing he’d not gotten greedy and fired his agent before he’d signed the show, knowing this was not good. If a show went down because it was badly put together he still got in the news; if he was replaced, he was in the news, but for the wrong reasons. This early into a show it was easy for anyone to achieve—even this mob.  “Buffy just scored a three-picture deal with Tom Cruise, she got quite the package. I’ve heard he loves it up here. Adalia loves Tom, she’s really happy.”  Of course she is, the fucking dumb slut, Rock Mason thought wishing now that he’d not made such a fuss in the first place. She’d be on top billing alongside that prick of a superstar, and all she’d have to do was these piddly few weeks to get the accolade. He said, “Well as soon as I get an apology from that big guy and his buddy, we’ll be getting on with making this movie.”  It wasn’t going to happen, not with Sebastian—who’d already given up on the show—and especially not with Chendrill. Patrick knew this. Not in a million years, so he said, “Sure Rock, they were just saying they wanted to apologize to you, no one here wants you to leave—you’re the man! They sent me over to see if you’re ok, that’s the reason I’m here. Trust me.” *************  Sebastian sat as his desk and wondered again what the fuck was going on. He’d opened up a can of worms with this whim of Patrick’s and now they were all over the kitchen. He called his old friend Roger who he knew was smoking outside again as he could smell the cigarette smoke drifting through the window, a minute later the man was in his office.   He said, “Did you hear about today?” He had, the man was at the top of his game and he had his spies everywhere. He even knew that Rock Mason did the same on pretty much every show and had budgeted for it accordingly. He said, “It’s all cool. He’s back now on the set. Dan’s there too with Adalia.”  “Oh?” said Sebastian who was just going to pull the plug for real and take a week off while the movie people left the offices. He asked, “How do you deal with these people, I have enough trouble with Mazzi and supermodels but I feel that man takes it to another level?”   Roger looked at Sebastian and smiled, he was an old dog in an ever-changing world, much the same as Sebastian—except Sebastian was rich. He said, “If I stepped into your shoes for a bit then I’m sure it wouldn’t be a whole lot different, except the shelf life is a lot shorter with the people you deal with. For me, the older they get, the easier or harder they become, but mostly they discover if they act stupid they get left behind.”   “What about this guy then?” Sebastian asked as he habitually looked for Fluffy, who wasn’t there any more.   “Rock Mason is an exception as he still brings people in, that’s all—bums on seats, minutes watched on Netflix, you know the score. Put up with the prick for a few weeks and in the long run you’ll make money.”  But for Sebastian money was no longer a necessity, he already had it—what he didn’t need was a mouthy prick who had none himself calling him an asshole. Then before he could tell his old friend who used to cry at Alan’s jokes that he was thinking of shutting the show down altogether for real, his phone rang and it was Suzy, and from what Sebastian could tell she was crying.   They met at their usual spot on the park bench which looked out across the inlet with its view of the eastern part of Stanley Park and the float planes that came and went for as long as the sun was in the sky.   Suzy wearing tight jeans and a tight white blouse hugging her big melons, which made Sebastian wonder if they were heavy and hurt her lower back. The woman sitting there next to Sebastian asking about his eye with her legs crossed in her high heels, no longer crying but still upset about what had happened and how embarrassed and sorry she was that her husband had lost his temper and thrown Sebastian’s driver through the window.   “I appreciate everything you’ve done for us Seb, I really do,” she carried on saying as she looked at the water and leaned away, scratching her long red nails at something that was itching her right calf muscle under her jeans.  Us?—Sebastian thought, you more like, and your kids, in a round about way—even if their judgement of right or wrong was in dispute at the moment. He looked to the woman’s ankles as she lifted her leg up to itch it again, stretching out her leg unconsciously, pointing the toe of her slim leopard skin shoe with its thin six-inch heel. Sebastian wondering as he watched how it could hold the weight of a woman who was around 120 pounds. Sexy shoes on a sexy woman, and from the looks she was getting from the men who passed by, there was no doubt in that.    “It’s just that Malcolm, he’s been so upset about it, now he’s blaming me saying it was my fault. He’s saying your truck driver was only there because he was looking for me, and he said I needed to start growing up and stop dressing like a slut now that I can’t work my real job anymore. He’s blaming me Seb, he’s saying it was my fault I’ve got this bag, saying I entice men, that I’m oversexed and that I made him bring guys over—he said he only did it because he knew it turned me on seeing him watching me doing it with other guys. But it was the other way round, Seb I’m telling you, I could see it in his eyes, that’s why he bought the video camera.”  “Oh!”  “He’d do that Seb, and now since I can’t do it anymore I’m sure he’s been putting it online. I mean—don’t you think that says it all?”  It did in Sebastian’s mind. The man was a kinky fucker, no doubt—but who was he to talk, he thought? After all, how many times in the eighties had he gotten off watching Alan double fist a couple of cocks into his mouth? From what he’d seen, lust took you to some strange places. He said, “We’ve all done things dear.”  Suzy sat back on the wooden park bench dedicated to a woman who had given her entire life to only one man. “Now he’s saying I can’t earn the money I used to earn stripping because I’m the one who wanted him to watch me. But I’m telling you it wasn’t that way, I didn’t even like it most of the time he’d ask me to do it. We could have spent time with the kids instead, you know? Why would I want guys at home fucking me after what I had to put up with at work, with them gawping at me and pawing me when I was giving out those dances and all, you’d have thought he’d have understood?”   Sebastian began to wonder who the father of her kids actually was and watched as Suzy crossed her arms in defence of her words and stressed the buttons on her blouse. He said, “Everything comes to an end dear, nothing lasts forever. You can forget about it now.”  “Exactly. What did he think was going to happen, I was going to be swinging around a pole and sitting on laps when I’m fifty? Christ. Get real. Sometimes I’m glad I’ve got this bag now—at least it woke me up.”   Sebastian looked at her and smiled, for a moment he’d almost forgotten about her colostomy bag, which, for some reason, despite the tight clothing, he had yet to see. He said, “Well, you’d never know you had one, I can tell you that, and I’m sure you won’t have one for ever.”  Suzy took a deep breath, it was good to get it all out. She was sure everyone could smell the bag taped tight to her skin underneath the top of her jeans. “I hope not,” she said.   “So do I my love, so do I.”  Then without a moment of hesitation in her voice Suzy said, “I’m going to leave him, Seb. Could you help me?”*************  It was just after ten at night when Belinda’s limo stopped outside the front of the house and dropped Dan off. Chendrill and Dan’s mother sat in the living room with Rock Mason’s bullshit long forgotten. Both of them snuggled on the couch drinking wine and watching TV, listening to Dan huff and puff his way up the small steps outside, through the front door, into the kitchen, opening the fridge, closing the fridge, and carrying on into the living room with the attitude of a coal miner who’d spent his day down the pit and come home to find his wife doing her nails and no pork chop on the table. He said, “What the fuck are you doing?”   Trish looked at Dan, this kid of hers who’d just arrived home from work and who, from the looks of things, now thought he owned the place.   “Sorry?”  “Where’s the cheese that was in the fridge?”  “Chuck’s had it, he ate it with his wine.”  “Oh well, that’s fucking great!” Dan said as he looked to Chendrill then back to his mother and threw his arms in the air like a baby. He carried on, “That’s fucking great. I’m at work all fucking day. Hot as fuck—all I’ve been thinking about all day is that cheese and how I’m going to eat it when I come in and when I get here, I discover you’ve been feeding the dog.”   Chendrill looked up at him and then put his glass down, stood and said, “I’m going to count to ten in my mind and when I get there if you have not apologized then I’m either going to call an ambulance for you or I’m going to call your boss and have him take away all the food you get for free tomorrow along with that great big fucking trailer they let you eat it in.”  “It ain’t that big actually, ask Rock Mason,” Dan snapped back with his eyes half closed and his head twisted to the side, which could only be interpreted as meaning that Chendrill was nothing more than an uninformed moron.   “Rock Mason’s lucky he’s still got a job, besides using him as reference kind of invalidates your argument.”   Then with the fear that her son may at any point in the next thirty seconds be picked up and thrown through the window, Trish spoke up, butting in, “Dan from what I can remember so far on your short journey through life you’ve done two days work and today was your second—and for the record, doing half a job cutting the lawn is not proper work. So, quit the attitude and apologize to Chuck, or call Sebastian and tell him you need a suite at the Sutton Place Hotel along with all the rest of your phoney bullshit actor friends because you’ll no longer be welcome here.”  He could, he thought, as he watched Chendrill smirk as he sat back down and pick up his glass of red wine. All he’d have to do was call the office and he’d have a suite with room service. But that would mean Adalia would be two doors down, along with that idiot with the big mouth. They did have a lot of chicks floating about the place though, at least he remembered that from the time he’d been there and nearly fucked Marsha—or ‘Marshaaa’ as she liked to be called. He said, “Chuck, you’re not a dog you’re a cat, and cats always find the best place to sleep and that’s here, so I’m sorry for the insult—it’s just that I’m tired because I’ve just worked a fourteen fucking hour day while you two have done sweet diddly fuck all.”   And then he left, slamming the door and slamming his way down the steps to his suite in the basement two steps at a time and slamming the door behind him when he got there. Seconds later he was slamming Metallica up through the ceiling.   Trish looked at Chendrill and smiled. She said, “Well half an apology is better than none I suppose.”   It was, Chendrill thought, but it wasn’t over—he knew that. The little prick thought he’d done a day’s work when all he’d done was stand around in a space suit and move from one piece of tape on the floor to the next. Maybe he’d speak with Sebastian tomorrow and, in between this ‘exhausting work’ he’d been doing, he’d have the kid carry some of the heavy stuff about, the same as he’d seen some of the guys on set doing when that mouthy prick refused to work.     ***********  The next morning at 5 a.m. Belinda was back with his face and hands pressed against the window to Dan’s cave in the basement, calling out as quietly as he could so as not to wake the neighbours. An hour later, Chendrill’s phone was ringing.  “Are you with Dan, Chuck?”  Chendrill sat up, it wasn’t that the call had woken him as he’d been half expecting it to come as for the last forty minutes he’d been lying there listening to the East Indian tapping on the basement window.   “Dan’s not responding Chuck; they are trying to wake him and he won’t respond.”   They, Chendrill thought, they—meaning more than one, and from what he could tell it was just Belinda outside. He said, “Really?”  “Yes Chuck, they’re trying to call him and the driver’s been knocking on the door. I’m worried, you know with the way the world is and we hear all the time about celebs dying early for strange reasons, you know, same as Clive Sonic almost did! Could you go round, I’m sure Trish won’t mind.”   If he knew he was there he’d have not been able to contain it in his voice, Chendrill thought. He’d have said something like ‘since you’re on the payroll; or, if it’s not too much trouble for you’ but he hadn’t, he was asking if he could just go over, and he was asking nicely.   Chendrill said, “He’s still alive Sebastian, I can assure you that, what he is, is a teenager—and teenagers don’t get up at 5 a.m., they go to bed at 5 a.m. if they can. Don’t forget you were one once. So don’t worry, he’s still with us—I can guarantee that. I’ll sort it out and he’ll be there within the hour.”  “He’s late, can you make it within thirty?”   Fuck, there it was. He did know, Chendrill thought. It was almost twenty minutes from his place downtown to Dan’s so there was no way he could do it all with getting there and getting Dan up and out the door and to the studio in less. And of course Belinda would have told him the Aston was parked outside. Fuck, he was getting weak.   He hung up the phone and got back into bed and smiled at Trish who was looking straight at him. She said, “Should we just make love for a bit then go get him up. It is after all a little early.”  It was a hard proposition to turn down, but knowing Sebastian’s ability to continually ruin their love making, it wouldn’t be long before the phone went again.   “I’ll be quick.”   “Oh!”  “Not in that way,” Chendrill laughed as he got up again and slipped on his jeans without his underpants.   “I mean, getting him up.”   Then Trish got up and slipping on her dressing gown said, “I’m his mother—I’ll do it.”  She reached the bottom of the stairs and knocked on Dan’s door as she had a thousand times before and said, “Dan, wake up you’re late.”  Nothing.   “Dan?”  Nothing.   “You’re late for work, Dan.”  Nothing.  Then after waiting a moment, she began to walk back up the stairs, reaching the top she called back down, “Dan, Sebastian just called and said they’re eating pizza for breakfast and if you’re not in soon, it’ll be gone.”  Dan sat in the back of the limo and looked at Chendrill sitting in the front grinning at him. “I can’t believe a genius like yourself fell for that one,” said Chendrill. 	  Dan shook his head, looked out the window, and closed his eyes, wishing he had never rushed out the door like he had. Now though, his stomach was rumbling. He said, “We should stop at Micky-D’s.”   Chendrill looked at Belinda, who was obviously listening as he was now shaking his head. Chendrill said, “Dan wants you to stop at McDonald’s, he says there’s a backlog of food there lately because he’s been eating for free at work.”  “Cannot stop sir, I am having orders.”   And opening his eyes, Dan said, “What about a drive through?”  “No sir, it will make the car smell sir.”  “Fuck.”  “No sir, this will make the car smell also sir.”  Chendrill laughed, he hadn’t expected that one from the normally straight-faced East Indian who had a crush on his girl—this guy who was never late and always professional.  He said, “No you can’t be doing that Dan, not in this limo.” 
