Chapter Twelve  It was around about two hours later that Dan started work—if you could call it that. Standing there on the painted floor of the green screen with his space suit on fresh out of the shower because the make up girl told him he stank.   Adalia was there now also, trying to make eye contact through the helmet after snubbing him the day before, but seemingly changing her tune upon hearing Marshaa would be coming in later in the afternoon. Dan not giving a shit though and was more interested in watching Rock Mason in his suit holding his space helmet in one hand as he took over the whole stage whilst he acted out being a movie star. The guy strutting about like he owned the studio, telling the director, Campbell Ewes, how it should be, loving the sound of his own voice, saying out loud as he walked away to the other side of the green screen area and gesturing to a group of people sitting in the wings who couldn’t give a shit either way.   “What I’m needing here is to be able to move, move as the character takes me and I’m feeling as though because this is such a crucial scene that’s being played out here with these guys while we have tea, I feel as though my character should be right here.”   The visual effects guy piped up for the first time, “Well if you are there you’ll be having tea outside the ship.”  Having given up listening a long time back, Sebastian had walked to the monitors where Clive Sonic now sat—the ex-rock star having joined them for the morning so he could have some photos taken and talk to Sebastian some more about how the guy was going to make him mayor. As he looked to Rock Mason still trying to explain himself, Clive said, “That guy really knows what he’s talking about.”  Sebastian closed his eyes and wondered if he was the only one around who could see straight through the man’s insecure nonsense. He said, “Yes, it’s rare to see one of the greats in action.”   Unbelievable, Sebastian thought, as he watched the young man sitting there star struck. Getting up, he walked away and out of the door of the factory that once made corrugated steel. What the hell was he doing this for, he thought? Dan didn’t care, Mazzi Hegan was too busy going through his own personal crisis to care either, Chendrill had come and gone and wished he was back hunting thieves and murderers, Patrick just liked the new job title and nothing else—except for flirting with Adalia. There were however a lot of people working on the show and from what he could tell from the odd conversation he’d had, some had families—so that in itself made it worthwhile.   He walked back inside, grabbed a tea, and walked back to the monitors to see Rock Mason sitting in Sebastian’s chair when his own was only three feet away. The man doing his best to look like an astronaut who’d just got back from collecting moon dust. In his mind, there was no doubt that he was the superstar and with that any chair was fair game. Smiling, Sebastian said, “When you’ve finished in my chair, they’ve got a space shuttle out back that needs docking.”   Breaking away from the tail end of another bullshit story in which he’d taken over a movie—first as the director, then as the producer, and then the editor and finally arranging a crazy distribution deal with a guy he’d just beaten at poker—he looked at Sebastian and finished his sentence, “… and saved a great script from being destroyed by imbeciles. Don’t make me do it on this one Baby.”  As he dragged the aging superstar’s chair over and sat down, Sebastian said straight back, “How’d the restaurant business work out for you?”   Rock Mason sat there for a moment and stared at the little gay twat who had the audacity to be sitting in his chair—this guy who thought he knew how to make movies but hadn’t made one yet. How dare he, he thought, how dare the fuckhead motherfucking cock sucking son of a bitch criticize him when he’d spent a lifetime reinventing Hollywood? Where was this prick when he was battling the studios for women’s rights in film, fair pay, ethnic diversity?   Looking over, he said with the smile that had won over countless women and the selection committee at Cannes many years prior for his portrayal in an indie about a Mexican cliff diver who didn’t like heights, “You know some people just don’t know a good thing when they see it.”  Or taste it, Sebastian thought. He said, “Have you met Clive Sonic?”  Hamming it up again and pointing his fingers at Clive, Rock Mason said, “Have I met Clive Sonic? I love Clive Sonic man. He’s the best. You know how many times I’ve made love to ‘Love me till I die’? You know for a while that song was almost playing 24/7 at my place in the Hills.”  The one you had to sell, Sebastian thought but didn’t say.   Clive Sonic was loving it and wishing his girlfriend was here—and at the same time he was glad she wasn’t, as he’d inevitably end up having to fuck her dressed as a pastry chef while Rock Mason was on the TV. He wanted to speak but for some reason he couldn’t get a word in edgewise with the man. Then he got his chance when he heard Rock Mason ask him, “Why’d you stop playing kid?”   And before Clive Sonic could start to tell his own bullshit story of how he’d tried to save the life of a kid in shark infested waters two and a half miles off shore in the Caribbean, Sebastian had done it for him, saying quickly, “Clive was attacked by a Stingray and nearly drowned, only he was saved by a real-life hero.”  Rock Mason stared at Sebastian who’d just given him a back handed slap and obviously didn’t care. Who the fuck was this guy to talk when the guy’s biggest claim to fame was being the lead man in a circle jerk? He said, “You think I’m plastic, is that the way you see it? Well some people are heroes and people like me make them national heroes. Because if it wasn’t for me, no one would know about Jack Carton—the guy who saved the honey bee from extinction by strapping two hives to his body and climbing to the top of Mount Denali during the honey bee virus of ‘72. Hey—you ever heard of that guy? Or Mak, Mak the saviour of the state of New York, as they call him now, the guy who single-handedly decoded the Nazi’s one atom bomb they’d developed and took his own life strapping it to his back and diving into the depths of the cold Atlantic back in 1945! Well you never would have if it wasn’t for me, yeah me, Rock Mason, playing those parts, becoming those great men who changed history. You want me to go on?”  Sebastian didn’t. Truth was he hadn’t heard of either of these people, who, in fact, never actually existed. Rock Mason’s mind being all mixed up with the real-life heroes and fictional characters—who now all existed in the self-centered world Rock Mason now inhabited. He said, “What on earth would the world be without you?”  “That’s right, be thankful I’m here.”   “Oh, we are Rock, you better believe it,” Patrick suddenly said, piping into the conversation after he’d just finished a little sexting session with a new hooker he’d found online—the girl with her little bubble butt who liked the fact he was open about her fucking him with a big rubber dick he’d bring over and him being a big film producer and all. Carrying on he said, “Rock, the whole world is waiting with bated breath for this movie.”  “You’d better believe it is,” Rock Mason answered back with a little smirk which led straight into another self-important line, “The world waits for any movie I’m in.”    Then Patrick stood and with his arms wide open and most sincere smile Clive Sonic had ever seen in his life, Patrick said again, “Trust Me!” Then after just the right amount of pause, he carried on with, “Oh but more so they are waiting for this one Rock.”  Fuck, Clive Sonic thought, as he watched Patrick sit back down again and go back to texting—there it was again, that catch phrase, all he needed was to take a leaf out of this guy’s book. He knew what he was doing. Clive thought back to the days when he used to write songs—days when he didn’t give a fuck about anything in life except that people had to miss him when he’s gone—same as the world would miss this egotistical prick sitting in Sebastian’s chair if he died saving some kid who had his foot stuck in the tracks of an oncoming train.   He needed a campaign line that stuck in people’s minds—‘I’ll be there’, he thought, ‘I’ll be there for you’. No. ‘I’m there for you’. No, how about, ‘I’ll be there when the rain comes’. No, too long, but not bad for a soppy song title—‘I’ll be there for you, come what may’. Still too long.   He stared at the people all around the stage eating and chatting as he tuned out Rock Mason’s seemingly endless bullshit. Then it just came to him, just as the opening lyrics to ‘Boom Boom Love’ had when he was taking a shower that time, and forgetting he’d already decided to steal the catch phrase after meeting Patrick for the first time at Sebastian’s home. He blurted out, “Trust Me.”  Rock Mason stopped talking and looked at this guy who used to be able to play the guitar and said, “Trust who?”   “Trust Me—it’s my slogan for when I’m campaigning for Mayor of Vancouver. I’ve been using it since I was fourteen and schoolboy president.”   What the fuck? Patrick thought, as he finished typing something about the girl’s ass into his phone and looked up to hear Clive Sonic carry on, “Sebastian’s running my campaign. In a moment, we’re doing some photo stills—that’s why I’m in today.”   Rock Mason got it now, there was another reason the kid was here: so he could latch onto him, chumming it up for a photo op that he could use on the campaign trail. He said, “How do you know I support your policies?”   Not getting it for the moment, Clive Sonic looked over to Sebastian, who did. He said, “Clive’s not looking for an endorsement, Rock.”   “Well if he wants one, it’ll cost.”   “He doesn’t.”   Rock Mason leaned back in his chair and looked Clive Sonic straight in the eye, then said, “Biggest mistake any politician can make is to turn down a photo endorsement with a world-famous celebrity. It’s what wins elections.”   Even if he is an egotistical prick, he isn’t half wrong there, Sebastian thought, but would he ever give the man the satisfaction? Not a chance.   “So, kid, are you in or out, you want to be mayor or what?”  Clive Sonic looked at Sebastian, then to Patrick, who was still on his phone, and then to Rock Mason with his million-dollar smile. He said, “I’m not sure, how much would it be?”   “For you kid, it’d be $250,000—and that’s because I like you.”    “Don’t be so ridiculous,” said Sebastian straight back, “if we spend that kind of money it’d be better to put it into a park,” which now thinking about it wasn’t actually a bad idea.   “Suit yourself,” said Rock Mason as he turned back to the monitors to watch nothing, and then carried on with, “and when you lose the election, you can go both go sit on the swings and cry.”************  Five hours later, at just after five in the afternoon, there was a commotion at the door to the entrance way of the old corrugated steel factory and Marshaa and a small host of others walked in. Reaching the monitors with Buffy at her side and carrying a huge Prada bag, she hugged Patrick first, air kissed Sebastian, ignored Adalia and Rock Mason, looked at Clive Sonic, then said, “I’m sorry I’m late, I got held up in Chena.”  And she had, held up in Guangzhou, China, because she’d seen the same Prada bag she now held on sale in the window of a shop in the departure lounge, which had cost her $550 plus another $20,000 in first class tickets because she’d missed the plane. Completely ignoring the fact Buffy was standing right next to her, she carried on with, “And Buffy let the real plane go without me, so we had to get some Chena one that didn’t speak English.”  And it was true, Buffy had let the plane go without her. After all she had been standing at the departure gate, listening to the staff calling out Marshaa’s name, giving her the final call announcement over and over while Marshaa tried to work out if she’d have the bag in blue. Buffy having apologized and spent half an hour running back and forth to the store pleading with Marshaa to hurry up to no avail.   “Oh, well at least you’re here now,” Sebastian said, understanding everything and smiling to Buffy as he politely gestured his arms towards the two superstars.   “Marshaa dear, of course you remember Mazzi?”   She didn’t.   “And this is Adalia Seychan, and this is Rock Mason.”   “Oh, hey, yeah,” is all she said, not giving a shit and playing with her phone with one hand and holding out her other to shake both of theirs. Then turning back to Sebastian and Patrick, she asked, “Where’s Dan?”   “I think you’ll find him in his trailer, love. He seems to like it there on his own,” answered Sebastian.   Marshaa asked, “Does he know I’m here?”  He did, and seeing her come through the door with the entourage of people she’d managed to collect since arriving at the airport, he’d disappeared into his own Airstream Classic, which was rapidly starting to smell like his room in his mother’s basement. Not that he would have noticed, since he still had his helmet on. Now though, he could see her through his misty helmet standing by the monitors with all these people he’d never seen before waiting in the wings. The supermodel there in amongst them all faffing her long blond hair all about the place and looking beautiful. Adalia standing next to her looking coy, trying desperately not to be out-staged, smiling, then taking a peek at Marshaa’s ass as Rock Mason did the same.   Dan’s phone beeped and he picked it up and looked at the messages he’d received from her over the last day or so. The first read: ‘seems like some peeps think shopping not important!!!!’   The second read: ‘here in Vanc….at fucking last!!! Stupid Bitch!!!’ And a third that must have just been sent that simply said. ‘Where the fuck r u…… 2 many old people.’ Seconds later she was at his trailer door.   Adalia Seychan looked on from afar, and if she’d had a bazooka rocket handy she’d have used it on the bitch. Fuck, she thought, why had she played it cool with the kid like she had instead of just drawing him dick first to her with sex? The boy should be in her trailer now while they waited for this Swedish guy with the black eyes to finish moving lights around. Then the skinny bitch could have seen Dan, and seen that he was fucking her, and then the illiterate bitch could have gone running back with her stupid bag to ‘Chena’.  Then all of a sudden, with her entourage in tow, Marshaa was walking back towards the monitors. Reaching them, Adalia asked with a smile, “Is he not there?”   And Marshaa answered shaking her head completely confused, “No, that’s not his trailer, it’s a spaceman’s.”   “Oh okay,” Adalia answered. As the words ‘dumb bitch’ materialized in her mind, then she heard Rock Mason pipe in as usual, “That’s because today we are spacemen baby, even you, you’ve got off one plane and now you’re getting on another, and this one’s going to Mars. Before you know it baby, you’ll be in one of these crazy suits and space walking with the rest of us.”   Marshaa looked around, she couldn’t see any space, all she could see was a green screen that was three times the size of the ones she usually had to work her stuff in. She also didn’t remember Patrick telling her she had another plane to catch. She said, “So, is Dan not here then?”    And before Rock Mason could spout off any more bullshit, Patrick stepped in, saying, “He’s here baby, the king of the world’s here. He’ll go crazy when he sees you, he’s been waiting all day for you to get here, it’s all he’s been talking about.”  How? Adalia thought, had he been talking ‘all day’ about the skinny bitch? All she’d seen of him since he arrived late, as usual, was Dan wearing his suit with his helmet on—and he’d only taken that off to fill his face with food. She said, “Patrick dear, you’re too kind, don’t lead the girl up the garden path, you know his mind’s elsewhere at the moment.”      My God, give it up woman and know when you’re done, Sebastian thought, as he once again, for what felt like the one hundredth time, wondered what the hell he had gotten himself into. How on earth could she think she could compete against Marshaa for fucksake? At least one thing was certain, the whole circus was taking his mind off of Fluffy—and that was a good thing.  He looked around the place missing his little boy, who’d loved it here—loved running about the place, but not too far. Then out of the blue, Marshaa caught his ear as right on cue to no one in particular, she said out loud, “Hey, where’s little Fluffy?”  Sebastian turned around as the words cut through his already broken heart, then smiling and reaching out he took Marshaa by the hands and said sweetly, “The little lad passed on dear; he was such a lovely dog.”   As always, Rock Mason piped in his two cents’ worth of wisdom, looking around and saying, “You know what I say when I hear a pet dog’s died? One less piece of shit to pick up in the park.”  Taking a deep breath, Sebastian counted to ten then politely asked, “I take it you’re not an animal lover then, Rock?”   “As far as I’m concerned, a pet dog is about one rung down from a model turned actor. You see, what you need to understand is that bringing in dogs or models doesn’t make a movie, it’s not all about looking good—you need talent.”   God the man was irritating and with the upset of losing his dog and an earful of listening to the man’s condescending bullshit all day, Sebastian’s normally cool demeanor slipped away from him and looking back over he said, “Well from what I’ve seen so far, from now on you’d be better off playing Goofy at Disneyland as talent’s seemingly not on the menu.”   Rock Mason sat there in Sebastian’s chair as the rest of the group pretended not to have heard and with a smug grin that had a full career spanning some 135 films behind it said, “135 films buddy, come see me when you’ve got 10% of that.”   And as soon as he’d said it, his fate was sealed. Being the man he was, Sebastian had done his homework. And without the slightest hesitation he said, “135 films, of which most where bit parts in B movies until you got a lucky break, since then you’ve managed one more hit, so it reads to me as 123 shit films, 10 okay-ish ones and 2 which were great and they probably only achieved greatness because you kept your mouth shut, did as you were told, and let someone with talent make you look good.”    Rock Mason didn’t say anything for a moment and instead just sat there taking it in. Yeah, the guy was right, there’d been a few embarrassments along the way—but hey, that was the price you paid on the way to stardom. Anyway, what did this shithead know about the price of fish? The best he and his shitty little Slave Media company could do with any of the films he’d done good or bad was put a poster together and stick it on a billboard. So, fuck him. He said, “The difference between me and you or any of your people you’ve bought to this charade is that I have talent and your people pout. I, on the other hand, can be anything that’s put in front of me on a well scripted page. You want me to be an astronaut, I’ll be it. You want me to be a boxer, I’m there. A paraplegic, I’m there. You dress me up as a turkey and I’ll lay a golden egg then knock it out the ballpark. I can sing, I can dance, I can do anything asked of me—except listen to someone pretending to be something they’re not. And that someone’s you and the crew of pouting kids you’re bringing into my world.”  “Really, you can dance?” Sebastian replied without the slightest of upset showing from within.  “Yeah really, you bring that kid out here and let him go one on one with me on the floor and I’ll show you. You bring in a dance troupe of nimble fucking sex kittens and I’ll hold my own dressed only in my boxers. You know why? Because, I’m trained—trained to perform, not trained to pout. And that’s what you’ve matched me with here on this fucking piece of shit excuse for a production.”  Within the hour, Sebastian had shut the production down for the day and had his chain-smoking friend who liked to laugh at Alan’s jokes on the lookout for a dance troupe of young nubile girls, and at the same time Clive Sonic’s girl on the lookout for an adult size turkey suit along with a golden egg. Yes, he knew fucking with the man and changing things around was going to cost another $200,000 on top of the already spiraling budget, but what did he care? Everyone was being paid and the money was coming straight out of his bank account so he could play with the man for as long as he had him on contract.************   Mazzi Hegan wondered what the hell was going on. He was there working and completely in charge of the photography of his first feature film and it was going to shit. He’d been lighting it well, he had the crew Roger had brought in for him to do the heavy work, but things were still falling behind and he couldn’t seem to summon up the energy to actually care. Now Sebastian had just called all in a fluster and asked for the stage to be lit ready in the morning for a dance scene. A month ago, if he’d heard things were changing at such short notice, he’d have had a hissy fit and all of Vancouver would have heard, but now he just didn’t care that much, a bit, but not enough that he’d need to go see his hair stylist to get over it. Is this it? he thought, is this the way straight guys feel when they get fucked about? He walked over and shared the news with his Gaffer and Key Grip, who would need to arrange the changes, and all they did was roll their eyes a bit and then said, “Sure.”    He walked outside and got into his Ferrari and pulled his big boots off so he could hit the pedals properly. The car now had paperwork and litter on the floor. Looking over, he saw Marshaa standing there in amongst her entourage. He put the boots back on and got back out of the car, and said as he reached her, “Hey Marshaa, how you doing, what’s up?”   Marshaa stared at him, first wondering who the guy was, then why this slightly effeminate builder who looked familiar was hitting on her. She said, “Hey?”   Mazzi held out his hand and smiled, “It’s Mazzi. I shot all your stuff here when we did the Blue Boy campaign.”   Then Marshaa got it and recognized him now. She said, “Hey yeah, you’re the gay guy?” Mazzi shook himself from side to side slightly, not knowing how to react to that one. The hairs now beginning to grow out on his legs were itching him as he stood there. In his day, he’d have slapped back at her with something like—“Yeah well at least I eat.” But now it didn’t seem him. So, he just said instead, “Well you know how it is, the more you ham it up and pretend, the more they pay you.”  Marshaa stared at him confused, then said with an air of realization that hit like a water balloon, “Oh, so you’re not gay. Okay, wow.”   Mazzi stood there, moving about in his builder’s boots that he’d never done up. He looked at the girl’s legs then took a swift peek at her ass, then her stomach and breasts, her face, her beautiful lips, her hair. Wow, he thought, wow, why had he never seen it before, when all he’d ever seen her for was a skinny dopey bitch? God he’d like to take her back to his place and spend the afternoon slamming her in his big fuck-you shower with the power heads turned on full.   It was tricky though, this straight world he was getting into now. You couldn’t just use ‘you wanna come over to my place so I can come in your face’ as an invitation as he used to. You needed to be subtle, more discrete. Smiling he said, “Hey, I’m going for dinner soon if you feel hungry.”  And Marshaa replied asking, “Have you seen Dan?”   Two minutes later, Marshaa had shaken off this weird guy who looked like a girl but was dressed like a man and had to take his boots off to drive his Ferrari. She made it to Dan’s trailer and stood there knocking until the spaceman opened the door. As she stepped inside uninvited and tried to look into Dan’s helmet. She said, “Is that you Dan.”   Dan nodded and said in a muffled voice she could barely hear, “I can’t get my helmet off.”  Marshaa looked at the metal clips on the neck area of the space suit and fearing she’d break a nail, pretended to try and unclasp it.   “Why don’t you go see someone?” she asked as she tried to look through the misted-up glass to see inside.   As she heard Dan’s muffled voice say, “I tried but I can’t get down the steps. They say these are real space suits from NASA, but I think they aren’t because in those they say you don’t sweat.”   Marshaa didn’t know that line of clothing, but she did have a jacket that was really good in the cold. She said, “Yeah you need to get them to get you one of those ski jackets, they’re really cool.”   Dan said, “I thought they’d be back. They came and said something and now it’s all quiet.”   “Oh,” said Marshaa, “you know Seb, he and that old guy had a fight and now we’re going dancing tomorrow.”  “What?” replied Dan, as he tried again to get the helmet off for real now.   “Seb and the old guy, Rock Mason, they had a fight and now Seb told him he’s going to sing for his supper in the morning.”  And that is exactly what Sebastian had said as the two grown men parted company, or there about, as Sebastian called out the last word as he reached the door, “Tomorrow we’ll see just how talented you really are as you’re going to have to sing and dance for your supper and if you don’t like it—get the bus home and then go try and sue me for your million-dollar fee.”  Dan said, “Oh!” and felt his way to the bed, sat down on it, then laid down on it and looked out at the figure of Marshaa looking like a ghost through the misty visor. He said, “They came to the door and said something, but I wasn’t listening, so I said—‘sure.’”  Marshaa came over and sat next to him on the bed. She understood exactly what he was talking about. Nodding she said, “I do that too. It makes people go away.” Then she said, “You know I’ve been thinking about you all the time when I was on that stupid wall in Chena and more so on the funny plane on the way back and all I want to do is kiss you.”  Wow, Dan thought, as he saw the mist thicken on the inside of his space helmet. At last things were looking good. Then Marshaa said, “But last time we were together I felt that you thought I was such a slut asking you to come to my room like I did and then I was such a bitch for kicking you out and then you fell in love with that girl and, and, well, maybe it’s best, I don’t, you know, do anything.”  Dan shook his head inside his helmet and reached up and placed his thick padded gloved hand on Marshaa’s shoulder. This is all he needed. The most beautiful girl in the world on his bed and she wanted to leave so he’d respect her. He said with his voice echoing around his head in the helmet, “No, it’s cool, all’s cool. I’ve been feeling the same way,” which, being so pre-occupied with Adalia, was a full-on lie. Carrying on with it he said, “Please stay, I want to kiss you too.”   And then Marshaa leaned down and kissed the front of the glass on his helmet, first with a small peck and then again as she felt Dan’s gloved hand pull her down upon him and her lips full and moist hit and French kiss the glass.   Dan looked up from inside the helmet as Marshaa’s hair fell over the front of the helmet and what looked like a slug tried to break its way in. He could feel the girl now move herself above him, pull herself onto him. Her body on top of his, her hair across the visor, the slug moving around and around in small circles leaving lipstick as it went as he felt the young woman push her crotch into his. Then he saw her fingers cup the side of the visor and hold it as her slug like lips and tongue moved around and around again in circles.   He lifted his hands away from her shoulders and began to try to feel her body but couldn’t. Then suddenly Marshaa pulled away from him for a moment and reappeared again kissing the visor first before moving herself up the helmet until her bare breasts lay open and exposed, squashed against the glass, Slowly and surely she began to rub her nipples against the visor as Dan looked up at them squashed against the glass. Around and around they went, as she moved one to the next then squashed them either side blocking out almost all the light. Then as he tried to move his padded hands across her body, he felt the tug at his groin as he felt Marshaa pull at the fly of his space suit, tugging it one way then the next as she pressed her body down on him and her breasts slid about above him on the top of the helmet. Suddenly he felt the zipper go and Marshaa’s hand dig into the suit and pull out his already hard cock as her breasts disappeared from vision. Then suddenly Marshaa’s face appeared again, looking at him curiously through the front of his visor as she held her hair back with her left hand as she showed him one of the plasters off of his dick.   “It’s for the movie,” Dan called back through the glass as Marshaa disappeared again and he felt another plaster rip away from his cock. As he called back again, “Aliens get me, and have sex with me, then put them on there.” And he saw Marshaa appear again, giggling to herself and giving him the thumbs up as she stuck the first two plasters to the front of his visor. Then he felt a third rip off and saw it join the other two, then a fourth and a fifth and a sixth until they were all gone and he could barely see at all. Then as Marshaa’s hand landed on the visor he felt her other surround his cock as she began to wank him, soft at first, then harder as he felt the soreness, from the barely healed sores in his dick left behind by the butter and sugar masturbation mix, begin to return.   Then her hand was gone and he felt her lips around him, soft and tender lips and her tongue that worked its way around the top of his shaft before he felt her push down on him until everything was inside her mouth and throat as her tongue now lapped against his balls. Then suddenly when he felt she must be unable to breath, she pulled off him and lifted her head and smiled down at him from above the space helmet as she let the moist saliva drip from her lips and run down the visor’s glass. With a wicked smile Marshaa was gone again disappearing from his limited field of vision. He felt her mouth down on him again until he thought Marshaa’s throat would burst or he would also. Then she appeared again, her beautiful face looking down on him with her hair hanging from either side, letting her mouthful of saliva she’d gained from holding his cock in the back of her throat drip from her perfect lips down onto the plasters.   Dan watched as his space suit covered body shuddered and his arms tried to push his gloved hands across her body and breasts as he saw Marshaa disappear from him again for the moment and reappear as he glimpsed her passing naked through an open window left in the visor. Then he felt her climb on him again and saw her hands wipe away the plasters and spit from the front of the glass and her body shift as she stood towering naked above him, her legs tanned and slender, her ass perfect, way above, swaying from side to side as she wiggled. Slowly Marshaa turned and began to lower herself towards Dan’s face until her ass, pussy and inner thighs hit the glass all as one at the top of the visor.   Slowly Marshaa slid herself forward, letting her ass and shaved pussy slide across the glass from top to bottom as Dan’s eyes followed, almost as though he was watching a solar eclipse itself. Then as quickly as she was on him, she was off him again, as he watched Marshaa spin around and straddle him, hold his cock with one hand and look at him through the smear stained visor and as her eyes closed, she pushed herself down on him and he felt himself penetrate her.   Holding him there, Marshaa began to lift herself up on him then push herself down as Dan did his best to meet her in his space suit. Leaning forward, Marshaa kissed the helmet again and licked her moistness from where her pussy had just been from its front as she rode and ground down onto his cock. Then, with a little trick she’d learnt from a bushman in Papua New Guinea, she lifted herself up from top to bottom and began to slam herself down on Dan’s cock over and over until he could hold it no more and came.   Even though NASA said it was impossible, Dan lay there in his suit covered in sweat with Marshaa spent for the moment laying on top with her right arm across the top of his helmet. Wow, he thought, that was a lot different from the pizza he was expecting when he’d opened the trailer door. But it wasn’t over yet because just as Dan as always had started to think of food, Marshaa was giggling again and lifting her sexy tight body up above him and looking down, positioning herself right above his gaze through the visor she pulled herself apart slowly saying out loud, “Here comes some pussy pie—Buzz Lightyear,” as she squeezed out drops of Dan’s sperm from the inside of her little slice of heaven and let them fall down onto Dan’s visor like a seagull dirtying a windshield on a Sunday afternoon drive. **************  The next morning, for once Dan was not late and in costume early—not because he’d suddenly had a change of heart and decided to get his act together and become professional, but simply because he hadn’t left the stage. After a long and patient wait alone in the car park, Belinda had given up waiting and found him in the middle of the night asleep in his trailer, still with his helmet on and his fly open.   Now though it was Chendrill’s turn in the morning to get him up after being woken himself by Sebastian who in turn had been woken by Belinda some hours earlier. The decision being made given the hour and the journey time involved to get him home and back again that it would be better to leave him where he was. Now though Chendrill was having to wash his hands after prising the helmet off the kid, who said he was starving.   The stage was set all white now with the green screens gone. A group of Korean girls in track suits kept to themselves as they warmed up at the side of the stage, found at the last minute by Roger and Sebastian and happy that they were being paid enough money to finance their whole trip. The director standing by, looking bemused and wondering why Sebastian had them doing promotional work on the third day of shooting when he knew Adalia Seychan was only available for a limited time.   Rock Mason wandered about looking like Hugh Hefner in a dressing gown frowning as the music started, not saying a word to anyone and ignoring Sebastian completely. The man all pissed off because Adalia had been given the day off, along with that horny little slut, and he had to be here with this idiot kid. This was bullshit, complete fucking bullshit—he was here to make a movie, not a fucking pop video. Fuck he wished he hadn’t agreed to be here, taking a film because Adalia’s name was attached and signing the contract without his agent. What a fuck up. But then he took a deep breath and thought to himself, fuck it, what was he worrying about, he was a pro, they want him to dance, he’ll show them how. Then as adrenalin took over as it always did when things got tough, he clapped his hands together and called out, “Okay, let’s get this done so we can get back to making a movie.”   And with that cue, the four Korean girls took off their track suits, put on their high heels and in their little blue skirts and multi-colored loose tops, they stepped out onto the lit stage area, lined themselves up, waited for the music to start again, and in perfect unison worked their way through a seamless dance routine, full of pouts, hair flips, tiny little bunny hops and wiggly shoulders and asses.   Dan stood watching almost with his mouth open. As did Chendrill, who was doing his best to hide it as Dan’s mother was there on her day off after a personal invite from Sebastian. The song finished and as soon as it did the girls stood looking at Rock Mason as if to ask what he wanted them to do next. And as he looked towards the director, he heard Sebastian call out, “That was great girls, lets do it again so Rock and the guys can get more of a feel for it.”   Dan didn’t need to, in his mind he already had every move down. He looked to Sebastian and said, “No, I got it, can I go in?”   And smiling Sebastian said, “You first and then Rock can follow on after.”   With his dick hurting again, Dan walked out in just his shorts into the lit stage area, lining himself up just in front of the centre of the girls, he stood there, and waited for the music to begin.     Then he heard the ‘Beep Beep Beep’ of the start of the track and, without looking back to the girls, joined them as their hips moved in three perfect circles and followed it up with a double shoulder shrug and an identical bunny hop first to the right then to the left. Then they all spun in unison, raising their asses in the air for all to see as they moved them around and around in perfect unison. Dan there with them in his element, smiling as he looked back at the crowd watching, playing the fool. Then as the girls spun back with their dark hair flying through the air, Dan was off, moving through them, behind them and back in front in perfect time. Playing with them and the music as he teased them and came in and out of their routine as though it was he himself who had choreographed the whole thing—and then almost as though he had never broken out of the routine, Dan was back where he started front and centre as the song came to and end, but this time with the girls surrounding him hugging him two on each side as he stood there on tip toes with his arms out like Jesus on the cross.   The music stopped and the stage erupted with applause for what was nothing more than a well-organized dance routine with beautifully sweet and innocent Korean girls made better by the playfulness of Dan’s dancing.   Looking over to Rock Mason who was only half applauding and was already looking tired of the whole thing, Sebastian said, “Wow, that was fantastic—okay Rock, you’re next!”**************  They were still crying with laughter as they sat in the back of Belinda’s limo and hit downtown, then as they both settled were quiet for a moment before Chendrill said with a smile, “Sebastian, you surprise me—you can be one hell of a fucker when you want to be.”   Sebastian looked at him, still in a serious mood but with tears in his eyes from the laughter, and said back, “Oh, it’s not over yet, Chuck. No one calls my friends and I cunts and gets away with it, even if they are the self-proclaimed King of Hollywood.”   Chendrill laughed, then smiled again. So far since Patrick had been given the go ahead to make his film, there had been a few egos rubbed in the dirt and the film hadn’t even really got going yet. Chendrill felt the part of his arm where Rock Mason had bit him. The Hollywood star getting himself all mad earlier because Dan was everything the superstar had claimed to be. Rock Mason losing his temper straight after being made to stand out there in his shorts with his fat gut hanging out and making excuses as to why he couldn’t get his act together—first it was the music and then the Korean girls who he claimed were the problem and couldn’t keep time. The guy trying to make light of it as though it was all a big game and he was loving it when the cameras were on him, then once they were off and he was out there again dressed up as a turkey, he’d turned on Sebastian because of his own inability and embarrassment. Calling out in a temper that scared the girls and stopped them dancing, saying how he’d never worked with such amateurs on such a shower of shit show, then losing it all together and attacking Sebastian after he’d called him out for being a fraud.   “Fuck you!” the man had screamed, coming at him with all his turkey feathers flying and finding Chendrill suddenly there like a wall between them. Then Rock Mason had screamed like a girl as he tried to pass. Chendrill hurting his own ribs again grabbing the man swiftly as the man tried to dodge him, holding him and trying to calm him as the aging, bankrupt superstar tried to kick and scream and wriggle his way free.  Eventually sinking his teeth into Chendrill’s arm hard enough to get away and ripping off the turkey suit Sebastian had him in and coming back at Chendrill with a performance of half assed Kung Fu manoeuvres he’d learned from doing action movies where they’d have him do the moves in close up and some stunt double do the fight for real. Rock Mason going in hard on Chendrill, trying to be Bruce Lee before getting thumped out cold on the studio floor by Chendrill moments after— because it was a real life fight he was staring in and not a Rock Mason movie.   “What about the fact you are going to have to work with the guy again for the next couple of months and then some?”   “Oh, I’m not bothered, Chuck. I’ll let the show play out for a little while longer and let the man run his mouth off a little more while I get things in order, then I’ll either keep the thing going or shut the show down. That decision will depend on Patrick—either way Rock Mason will be gone and he can fuck off on the bus back to Hollywood.”   Chendrill raised his eyebrows and looked out the window for a moment. Then he said, “If you shut it down, what about Dan?”   Sebastian smiled—it was the first time Chendrill had seen Sebastian truly smile for the last few days. Sebastian said, “Dan will be fine, Chuck. He’s an intelligent kid, all he needs to do is grow up and I hope he doesn’t do that too soon.”   He was right, Chendrill thought. When he was a kid all he wanted to do was get older and be a cop and now all he wanted to do was be a teenager again so as he could start off afresh and get it right the second time around. Sebastian said, “I think it’ll be great once Clive Sonic makes mayor and when he does one of the stipulations will be that you get your old job back, on your terms though. I’ll make sure that happens.”  Chendrill looked to his now close friend and boss in shock. He said, “Well what about you?”   “Oh, Chuck, I’d be no good in the police force, no one would take me serious.”  It wasn’t what Chendrill was talking about and he knew just that. Then just as Chendrill was about to ask about Mazzi Hegan, Sebastian took him by surprise by saying, “Chuck, can you promise me something?”   Chendrill looked at Sebastian as the man watched the world go by outside the window and then turned to him, “I know you think I’m crazy, but can you promise me Chuck that you’ll help my friend Suzy? Even if you don’t want to. You know she’s really sweet once you get to know her and she’s had to put up with so much. She really needs a friend and a helping hand.”   Chendrill said back, trying his best to hide the denunciation in his voice, “Do you not feel that the house is enough Sebastian?”   “Oh no Chuck, she’s going to leave her husband. I may need to get her an apartment in the meantime if she does.”  Chendrill closed his eyes for a moment, then opened them again. They say a fool and his money are easily parted but Sebastian was no fool, he thought, so what was going on? He said, “I’m sure you’ve thought it through.”  “Oh, I have, Chuck,” Sebastian said back quickly as Belinda took a right onto Pacific and cruised the coast road towards the park. ‘The poor girl’s had it hard and I don’t mean that in a sexy way either. You see she told me her husband’s one of those guys who like to watch his wife with other men. She said it started with one, then two, then you know. She told me she thinks he’s been posting it online.”  Chendrill shrugged and looked out the window to the water with the sun getting lower in the sky. He said, “Yeah it’s what they do these days. It’s pretty weird if you ask me. You shouldn’t get involved; she could always have said no.”   “Oh, I know, but she did Chuck and her husband didn’t listen, he just kept on at her. She said he has a thing for anal sex, Chuck, and I know I’m not one to preach on that subject, but it’s not everyone’s cup of tea. That’s how she’s ended up with the bag.”   Chendrill looked back at Sebastian and he could see the man was serious. He asked, “And she told you all this?”   “Yes Chuck, we talk about everything.”   “What about Fluffy? What did she have to say about the dog?” asked Chendrill, wondering if the woman just sat down with Sebastian and spouted off the way some women can and it was a one-sided conversation the two of them had every time they met.  “She cried Chuck, really cried, she was so sad—we both did.”   Chendrill sat back in his seat and thought about it. The two of them both sitting there on the seawall where they always met, the stripper with her big jugs and the old gay guy both crying their hearts out—her about her ass that had just been damaged internally by her shithead weird husband’s friends while he made home movies and Sebastian about his little dog whom her kids had just killed. What a combo. He asked, “You tell her it was her kids who threw little Fluffy in the sea?”   Sebastian took a deep breath and stared out at the bay where Suzy’s kids had thrown Fluffy into the surf. The waves now steady and calm. It was a good question, he thought, he hadn’t and he knew he should have. He said, “No Chuck, I was waiting for the right time.”   “After you’ve bought them a condo maybe?”    “Chuck, please, don’t get mad at me. I know you think they’re a family built out of bad stock, but it’s the husband though. I’m telling you, talk to her, meet her, get to know her, you’ll see she’s a good person deep down. Besides, where else is she to go, Chuck. You want her to go back into sheltered housing with her kids, you want her back wandering around the East Side? You know it’s just as dangerous during the day as it is at night. I heard there was a man kicked to death in one of the alleys around there only the other afternoon.”  They reached the entrance way to Sebastian’s place and Belinda parked outside, leaving the engine running, and sat quietly as Chendrill closed his eyes, thinking again. He had heard about the guy in the alley and he’d been in the area himself not a short time before. In his day, chances were high it would have been him who had been there to investigate—the guy in charge, looking for witnesses and clues until he eventually found the guy wearing the size tens.    “How’d you know about that?” he said.   “It was on the news, Chuck.”  “Well promise me you won’t be going around there. And promise me you let me know what’s going on as soon as you know. Because there’s no way I’m having it that a shithead like her old man gets to live in a house you own on his own, watching reruns of his wife getting pounded while you’re paying for her to live somewhere else in the meantime. Okay?”   “Yes—you promise me then you’ll take care of Suzy, Chuck. She may have been a stripper, but she’s still my friend and a human being after all.”
