Chapter Thirteen  Missing the routine of walking his dog first before going upstairs to his penthouse suite, Sebastian went from the front door to his huge white bathroom and ran the bath. It had been a hard week, but now it was almost over. The film had been nothing less than a disaster so far. But he’d had a bit of excitement with it along the way. Now all he needed to do was get everything sorted, see the lawyer he’d found, get all the paperwork done properly, sort himself out personally, then the company, so that in the end if he shut it all down there could be no comeback for anybody—especially Rock Mason, and that would be that. First though he was going to take an Epsom salt bath and lay in it and relax until it got cold. It didn’t matter who called or needed him with regard to the film because within a couple of days, it wouldn’t really matter anymore.   That evening as he sat out on the balcony with a plate full of white stilton gold he’d been saving along with an open bottle of Screaming Eagle, feeling the breeze in the early evening air as he looked at the view that he knew so well and the water where he’d swam so many times years before with Alan and only once recently with their little dog, which had become their child. The beach there down below, with its slide out in the water and its coast road where aging men cruised on noisy Harleys looking more at themselves than at the road.   With the cheese half gone and the sun almost down, the lawyer had arrived.   The guy full of his own self-importance standing there at the door in his suit and fancy tie with his bald head and beaky nose. The man, Callum Rensberg, telling Sebastian straight off that he did not like dogs, but he was sure Sebastian’s would have been an exception. The wine also was okay, as was the cheese, even though both were the most expensive a man could buy. But he wasn’t there for comfort or friendship, he was there to do a job, and three hours later with everything witnessed, signed, and double signed again, and with Sebastian feeling as though he could not take another moment in the lawyer’s company, the man was gone, along with Rock Mason’s career—for now anyway.   Sebastian awoke early. He put on his favourite silk shirt, handmade Italian shoes, and went to watch the sunrise and to hear the birds sing as he took the dawn walk around the seawall. Stopping for blueberry pancakes and cream with an Earl Grey tea at the White Spot on Georgia, served to him by a pretty single mother of two. By 10 a.m. he’d secured a healthy donation to the Vancouver Philharmonic for the services of a pianist and a violinist and by midday he was sitting alone in the pews of St. Paul’s on Burrard Street, listening to the melodic tones of Debussy played by musicians at the top of their game dressed in tuxedos. The music filling the air as it echoed around the high walls and the ceiling of the old wood beamed church. Enveloping Sebastian’s senses to the brim as wonderful memories rose from deep within, bubbling up, as the soft and honest music played out, drawing goosebumps from his skin, which ran along his arms and legs as the spiritual music passed through him, speaking to his soul.   By three in the afternoon and after finishing a lovely plate of pasta with another glass of fine red wine from his favourite waiter, Sebastian was on his way back towards the park and, making good time and stopping only to help out a family with car trouble, soon he was there, standing high on the centre of the Lionsgate Bridge, taking in the fresh air as he caught the first of the cruise liners passing below as they headed out through the bay towards the inside passage towards Alaska.    And there he stood, as he had with Alan and Fluffy so many years before, looking out from high over the bay towards the mountains across the water and the setting sun. The steady stream of liners passing below with the happy faces of children waving to him, stretching their arms as they reached up to try to touch the returning stretched out hands of the happy joyous man whose life was done and who was about to die.   With his heart pounding and the sun on his face, Sebastian stood and watched the last of the cruise liners pass into the distance, then he climbed the barrier, took the last deep breath of fresh, clean air he would ever take in this world as he felt the wind in his hair, and dropped himself down 200 feet from the bridge’s side into the water below. 