Chapter Fourteen   Chendrill was the first to hear the news that his good friend had decided to take his own life. An old colleague calling him directly, having pulled Sebastian’s wallet and ID from his trouser pocket after hauling his soaked and broken body into a police boat a mile or so into the bay after Sebastian’s body had trailed after the cruise liners, carried in the rip from the changing tide. The man who loved boats sitting on the small boat’s gunwale surprised to find Chendrill’s business card sealed in a small plastic bag inside Sebastian’s zipped up pocket—almost as though Sebastian had wanted it to be found.    But what was stranger was the call Chendrill had received half an hour prior to that about his old friend from a lady who sounded old and who’d simply said, “I just spoke with Sebastian and he says to tell you he’s fine. He swam out and met Alan and Fluffy on Ambleside beach.”   Then as he’d driven back out of town he’d got the call from his old buddy who’d dragged Sebastian’s body onto the deck of the police boat. His friend wondering why Chendrill, who was normally so cool, sounded so confused and was asking so many questions, saying things like, “Are you sure it’s him?”   He was 100% sure, and had replied, “Pictures don’t lie Chuck, I’m sorry.”   “When did you find him?”   “Ten minutes ago.”   “How did he end up there, was he swimming off of Ambleside Beach?”   “No, he jumped off the Lionsgate bridge, somebody saw him go over the barrier. They called it in maybe an hour ago. We didn’t know who it was until now.” Then he paused and Chendrill’s old buddy, who patrolled the marine coastline every day of his working life, and who on the weekends sat on his own yacht said, “And Chuck, also, on the back of the card, it says, ‘Chuck - Our tears we shed together yesterday were great tears.’”  Fuck me, Chendrill thought as he sat there outside Dan’s mother’s place at the wheel of the Aston, unaware of any of the journey he’d taken to arrive there. He could not move. There hadn’t ever been a time, even with Daltrey, that the shock had hit so hard. The feelings of anger and regret and guilt searing deep wounds as they passed through him. It must have been almost an hour later when Dan’s mother came to the window, looked in, opened the door and crouching down said, “Chuck what are you doing sitting out here all alone.”  Leaving out the strange call from the lady, Chendrill told her what had happened and took her inside and held her while she cried. Half an hour later, Dan appeared in just his shorts, looking for the bag of Cheesies he’d seen his mother hide a week ago, the kid feeling the silence and looking at his mother’s tears, and saying, “Who’s dead now?”   And hearing the answer, Dan turned and left his hunt for food to return to his bedroom in the basement, from which, for the longest time, Chendrill heard nothing other than silence. ************  They all met the next morning in the offices of Slave. Samuel Gadot, Sebastian’s actual lawyer greeting them individually as they entered. The man who in the autumn of his career now owned the whole top floor of a building next to the Vancouver Supreme Courts, which was home to a company he also owned comprised of some thirty lawyers and articling students—unlike Callum Rensberg, who stood next to him, and who had worked for almost the same amount of years, carried the same law degree, used an office at a friend’s firm on the other side of town, and who had spent his entire career chasing ambulances.  It was pretty obvious why two days prior Sebastian had used the man who now stood alongside Samuel Gadot, wearing the same suit and tie he had worn when he’d sat in Sebastian’s luxury apartment for an evening and made Sebastian feel dirty in his presence. If he had come to Samuel with the requests for legal documentation of this degree, the alarm bells would have rung and he would have known his regular lawyer, Samuel, would have firstly said ‘no’ then straight after started asking questions.   But today, what was done was done, and the documentation had been passed over to him and it was now Samuel Gadot’s duty as a friend and professional to make sure Sebastian’s wishes were honored.    Dan surprisingly sat in black, at the back as he liked to, and stared at the floor as he heard the man who stood there with presence begin to talk.   “No one here can be more upset about the circumstances of us being here today than me. Sebastian and I have been friends for many years. I do though have to speak with you all, as it was one of the man’s wishes that everything would be dealt with as fast as possible to alleviate any suffering his departure has or may have caused. Firstly, after reading though the paperwork, I must say Sebastian would like you all to know his passing has no bearing on the incidents or stresses caused in the proceedings that have taken place over the last few days and in fact and truthfully has everything to do with Alan his departed husband who passed on some years back,” said Samuel Gadot.  Fuck me. This is going to be a long one, Patrick thought, as he watched the man blabber on and tried to remember if he’d sold the guy a property a few years back. Maybe, he thought, he was the same guy who grabbed that nice place in Point Grey? Yes, he was the guy he’d made it happen for over a weekend. Patrick looked around the room then back to the high-priced lawyer. Just get to the bit about the film, he thought as he wondered about the guy’s rate, probably $500 plus an hour, knowing Sebastian, so the way this guy was going on blah-de-fucking-blah-de-dah, he had just made $200 talking about a dog. If the man kept it up much longer, he was going to leave here, grab a taxi to the bridge, tell the driver to drop him off in the middle and do exactly the same as Sebastian had done. Patrick discreetly looked at his watch—he was right, almost half an hour of droning. What was the guy doing, training to be a priest? Yeah, Sebastian was a good guy, but so was Charlie Manson if you caught him on a good day.   Putting on a sad and concerned face, he looked back around the room. There were a lot of red eyes. Chendrill was still looking to the floor, Dan’s eyes were closed, maybe asleep, Mazzi Hegan, in his big boots, sitting over at the side, looked fucked up with his hair all messed up as though he’d been pulled in off of a building site. Marshaa was crying and texting at the same time. Dan’s mother—crying. Adalia crying also in her big black shades; Rock Mason—bored. Then he saw Clive Sonic was there also, the guy who was trying to steal his catch phrase and who couldn’t count to ten on his fingers—the fucker must have sneaked in late and closed the door with his gimpy hand. He looked back at the two lawyers standing at the head of the table. The expensive one in the Armani suit was now making his conclusions—if he was lucky, he’d get right to what was happening with the film. Then he heard the guy say, “So I’ll make this easy, I need to speak with everyone so let’s deal with the film you were all doing first.”  Great! Fucking Wunderbar, Patrick thought, as he heard the guy carry on, “So, Mr. Patrick De’Sendro. I’m not sure if you remember me but you facilitated a deal on a house for me a couple of years ago. I wish we were meeting under more pleasurable circumstances. But sadly not.”  Get to it and stop running down the clock, Patrick thought. Truth was, though, Samuel was there on his own time after having discovered what had gone down with the ambulance chasing son of a bitch after the man called out of courtesy. Patrick was a prick and he’d known that ever since Sebastian had put him on to him and the guy had somehow one weekend talked him into a purchase he didn’t want. He carried on looking at a folder he held in his right hand.    “Patrick, it is saying here that you are producing this film Slave is financing, and Sebastian has kindly decided to keep the money flowing for the movie even though he’s no longer with us.”  Thank fuck for that, Patrick thought, and did his best not to let go of the smile that was behind the facade of sadness. If he was lucky, he could get out of here and go see the latest hooker he’d found who was enjoying riding him.   “However,” Samuel carried on, “Sebastian has written a cheque for ten and a half million dollars, made out to the shell company the film has been working under and it’s stipulated in Sebastian’s will that I’m not able to hand it over unless this morning Mr. De’Sendro can answer correctly without help, a couple of questions. Sebastian states that if you are producing a film these questions should be, as he puts it here, ‘No Brainers’ and if you can’t answer, then you are not deserved of the money. So please, could you tell me—one: what is the name of the scripted lead character in your movie, ‘When the Shadows Form’. And two, what happens at the end of the script to this fictional character? Sebastian has stipulated you have 30 seconds to answer.”  Patrick sat there for a moment and tried to take in what had just been said. He got it yeah, there was actually little not to get, except the answers correct and if he did not then he could kiss the movie goodbye unless he funded it himself, which was never going to happen—or he could talk someone else into funding it, but how long would that take? The problem was he didn’t know what the lead character’s name was and since Rock Mason was onboard was he talking about him, or Adalia, or perhaps even Dan? He said, “Well, firstly, I’d like to say everyone has been doing a great job…. Rock…. Adalia, Dan, Marshaa, she’s fantastic.”   “Please answer the questions,” Samuel butted in.  Patrick stood, putting his hands out and looking at everyone in the room, especially Samuel, and said, “Trust Me.”  Then carried on with, “If there’s one thing I can say…”   To which Samuel Gadot, the veteran of over 5,000 cross examinations in court cases that spanned 3 decades, shut him down with ease, and, cutting in, said, “Thank you.” And pulling out the cheque from the folder, he ripped it in four and dropped it into the wastepaper basket next to the desk. Then he carried on with, “Everyone who was contracted on the film, actors, technicians and drivers and all rental facilities will be paid in full, plus a 50% bonus. Except for, I’m sorry to say, Mr. Mason, who will receive zero compensation.”   Rock mason sat there and wondered if this was some sort of joke—this prick was playing the clown from the other side of the grave. He looked around the room for some sort of sign that did not look like it was going to come any time soon. He said with his patented smile, “Hey, you have to stop with the funny stuff buddy, this man was our friend, we’re hurting here.”   But there was no funny stuff and everyone in the room except Rock Mason knew it.   With the skill of a man well versed in public speaking, Samuel moved on quickly and dismissed Rock Mason and Adalia.   Next was Clive Sonic, and he could tell from the way the man had just glanced his way moments before he allowed his silence to let the room know there was to be no more discussion on the subject. Clive was pissed and wished he’d never taken the call from Sebastian now if it was all going to be a waste of time since the fucker knew he was going to throw himself in the drink.   Not only that, from what he could tell he had only been seconds away from passing over the centre of the bridge with his girlfriend when Sebastian had thrown himself off. Had he been moments earlier he’d have seen him and he could have stopped the car and jumped out and grabbed the man as he was about to fall, and if he was lucky he could have allowed Sebastian to pull him over as well, but then maybe he could have gotten a grip on the railing somehow and they could have both been dangling there from the bridge as a crowd gathered and someone could have gotten a video of it all—as they do these days. Clive Sonic, the ex guitar sensation, hanging from the bridge trying to save the life of his friend… But no, Clive’s hand, which was damaged in that incident in the Caribbean when he survived being attacked by a stingray, couldn’t take the weight of the two men hanging and Clive’s grip slowly loosens. Then he could have seen whoever had the best angle on him with the video on their phone and he could have looked into the camera as he tried to hang on, then as others tried to reach his hand he could have let go and fallen down, down, down, still holding onto Sebastian until they both crashed and died as they hit the water below.   It would have been fantastic—he would have been a hero and remembered forever after the clips went viral of him trying to save the life of another and falling to his death were played alongside those with him on stage with his eyes closed banging out ‘Boom Boom Love’ on his guitar.  Samuel Gadot looked over as Clive had predicted and said, “Mr Sonic, may I call you this as Sebastian has noted that you prefer to go by that name instead of your actual name of Smith?”   Clive nodded, it was fine. As he shook his head slightly looking up, his face conveying the upset he felt inside, he said, “Yes, thank you, Sebastian was good like that, he thought of everything. I’m sorry, I was coming up on the bridge a few second before he jumped and, trust me… I just wish I could have been there.”  Without a word in response, Samuel carried on, “Sebastian, as you know, had a wish for you to become mayor of this city and after his passing he still wishes this to be the case. Basically, it will be yourself or anyone else should you not wish to continue in this venture. If you are, you will be paid $250,000 a year while you are campaigning and while you are mayor. He has also allocated a substantial sum of money for campaign funding for what would be the first, as well as subsequent campaigns, and has already secured the same campaign advisory team as the recently elected U.S. President. So, to me the prospect looks hopeful, you would be, though, legally obliged to ensure certain requirements are met during your administration.”   He turned to Mazzi Hegan, “Mr. Hegan, you retain your shares to the company Slave gifted to you by Sebastian and he hopes you continue to bring your incredible talent to the company and as a gift to you for everything you have done and as an incentive to stay, he has passed on to you his penthouse apartment and also the Ferrari I know you love and has doubled your shares in Slave to 20% of the company. As for the company Slave, Sebastian has asked that Gill Banton be brought in to run the company and I will be negotiating this transition should she be interested. If not, I have other names listed.”   Mazzi Hegan was still not with it. He’d heard the news about Sebastian and gone out on a bender as soon as he’d stopped crying and ended up singing karaoke over in Deep Cove and woke up that morning with a girl who looked like a guy and liked to swing both ways. Gill Banton though, that fucking bitch coming in with her sexy shoes and ass could be fun. If he didn’t like things, he could stage a coup or just sell up and fuck off back to Sweden, after all, he thought, thanks to Sebastian and now owning 20% of a company worth around four hundred million, he was now a rich man.   “Mrs. Tricia Treedle, Sebastian has asked that you be told that he thoroughly enjoyed the pasta meal you made him when you asked him over for a meal recently. He said you have a beautiful home and that, although the house is old, that is what it is—a home. He has, though, expressed a wish for your son Daniel, since he is contracted to Slave, to have a bigger room and since Mr. Hegan now is the owner of Sebastian’s penthouse, he has passed on to Dan the apartment in which Mazzi Hegan now resides. He also has given you the option of buying any house you would like to purchase on the lower mainland should you wish to, which he will be paying the property taxes for both residences or any other residence you wish to reside in thereafter.   “Mr. String has also expressed a wish that Daniel is to find his feet in the world and has allocated university funds for this, plus an allowance. He has also released Daniel from his contract from Slave on full pay should he wish. If Daniel should decide to leave Slave, however, then he will no longer have use of the Ferrari.”   Fuck me, Dan thought, as he looked at his mother who had started to cry again. This was not good; in fact, it was fucking inconvenient, now he was going to have to clean out his room; and if he was going to be staying at Hegan’s place, who was going to keep the fridge stocked up with cheese and shit? It certainly wouldn’t be his mum, she’d be getting herself some big fuck-you place over in West Van or somewhere out of the way, and when that happened, how the fuck was he going to get his laundry done, as well as all the other crap? Sebastian should have thought about this shit before he went giving stuff away willy nilly. It was bullshit! Mazzi Hegan’s place did have nice showers though, and that big wardrobe which was large enough to rent out to one of those hot refugees he’d seen on TV if he wanted. There was one question though which had been bothering him from the start, and so far it had not been addressed by anyone. He put up his hand  “Yes Daniel?”  “Do I still have the open account with Pizza Hut?”  “Yes Daniel.”  “Does this mean I still have to answer to this guy?” asked Dan as he thumbed his left hand in the direction of Chendrill.   “If you stay in your contract with Slave, yes”’  “What if he punches me out again?”  “Then it’ll be whoever I allocate.”   “You?”  “Maybe me—yes.”  And just as Dan was going to ask if this was the case—whether Samuel was going to start hanging around the house and banging his mother—Samuel shut him down, saying, “And lastly this brings me to Charles Chendrill. Charles, Sebastian has left money in trust to cover any expenses arising from everything we have discussed. He has also left you his majority stake in Slave Media and Renfrew Media. He has also asked that all the money from his personal bank account be transferred into yours, which is a sum of just over two hundred and seventy-five million dollars U.S. He has also mentioned that he does not want you or anyone here to be burdened with tax issues arising from his requests and any taxes owed will be coming from the trust account.”  And with that Samuel Gadot, the lawyer who as a young boy lived amongst the horrors of Krakow, looked at the piece of shit lawyer who wished he was more and closed the file.   “Thank you,” he said in conclusion.   Chendrill sat still for a moment, thinking as he watched the room move and stir, then he put up his hand as Dan had and asked, “One thing Mr. Gadot, I’d like to ask, when were these papers all drawn up and signed?”   And without hesitation. Samuel said, “The evening before yesterday.”   It was as Chendrill had thought—Sebastian had left him after coming back from the studio and had this weasel of a lawyer over and drawn up the papers. With the requests Sebastian had been making to Chendrill in the back of Belinda’s limo, it all made sense now. Looking to Sebastian’s friend and the ambulance chasing lawyer, he said, “So, when Sebastian was drawing up these papers in this manner, did it not occur to you that maybe the man had some sort of intention of hurting himself?”  “Oh,” said Samuel, “from looking at the way the papers have been drawn up and the fact that he wanted the show shut down and for Clive’s election campaign to start immediately, I would have had no doubts.” And before Chendrill could carry on, he said, “But I did not draw up the legal documents—they were drawn up by Mr. Rensberg and delivered to my office yesterday afternoon.”  Chendrill stared at the man who knew Sebastian’s game plan and decided to not say a word. He said, “You fucking knew, and you did nothing?”   “I was not aware of Mr. String’s direct intentions, no.”   Chendrill asked, “How much did he pay you?”   And before Callum Rensberg could answer, Samuel answered for him, "I looked into that myself, and it seems Mr. Rensberg was paid a sum of $50,000 for his services. $10,000 up front and the rest to be settled should his client Sebastian meet with an unfortunate accident.”   Chendrill stood and felt like throwing his chair at the man standing there with his bald head and fancy tie. He said, “$10,000 for your legal work and another 40 in hush money.”   “Well it’s not like that, Mr. Chendrill,” Callum Rensberg said in a slow voice that whined and grated as he spoke. “We in the legal profession have a responsibility in keeping confidentiality when it comes to our client’s personal lives,” he said.  “Fuck you and your legal bullshit,” said Chendrill, who saw the whole thing as nothing less than assisted suicide. He carried on saying, “You knew exactly what was going down and chose to allow the man to end his life, but I’m fucking telling you now, I will do everything in my power to make you regret for the rest of your life ever deciding that forty fucking grand was worth more to you than my friend.”   Then he heard Samuel say, “Mr. Chendrill, don’t worry. I have already decided that I will be personally putting the entire efforts of my firm into bringing ethics and perhaps criminal charges against Mr. Rensberg for malpractice and gross neglect.”  And from the tone in his voice and knowing the reputations both men had, Mr. Callum Rensberg, the lawyer who’d once had dog shit forced into his mouth by the ex-husband of a client in a divorce case he was handling, left the room. 