Chapter Fifteen  Chendrill sat outside in the Aston and stared at the walls of the building he now owned. On the top right-hand corner was the window to Sebastian’s office. He was now a rich man, but he would have given it all back for the man to have called him up and asked him up to the office to chat about nothing. In his eyes, the world had just lost something special.   So, it was as simple as this, he thought, when Alan, the love of the Sebastian’s life, was on his death bed, Sebastian had asked him if he wanted him to join him the moment their little dog died, and the dying man, being the selfish prick he was, had said yes. And with Sebastian loving the man as he had, and being a man of his word, that was that. Winding down the clock, playing with business and getting more and more wealthy, Sebastian had waited for the dog to die. Fuck me, what a stupid waste, he thought as he started the engine and pulled away. He was a rich man, but he didn’t feel it. Maybe it just hadn’t sunk in yet. Feeling the steering wheel spin though his hands as he turned, he thought back to what Sebastian had said the last time he'd seen him as they had travelled back from the studio. ‘Look after Suzy won't you, Chuck, you promise me please?’   He had promised and he hadn’t had his fingers crossed, the way Sebastian should have had as he’d sat crying at the side of his lover’s bed and prayed that the monitors would reverse. Or as Chendrill had when he'd been a kid and his mother had made him promise to do his chores or clean his teeth, or to a girl years before when he'd been a player and he'd promised he'd call or not come on her tits.  Sebastian was dead and nothing was going to change this. It was his choice and it was his life, and life went on. Nonetheless it was still bullshit. He turned the car onto Pacific Boulevard and headed past the stadiums towards the East Side. Five minutes later, he pulled up along the road to the home Sebastian had bought for Suzy and her fucked up family to live in. The place was looking good now with its new front bay window and boxes still in the yard. The woman with the colostomy bag and the sob story would be at work now at the school at the end of the road. He put the car into drive and cruised past the house towards the school. As much as he didn’t want to bother her, the woman deserved to know her friend had died—if that’s what she was.    Pulling into the school car park, he got out and walked into the school’s foyer through its double front door, looked at the trophy cabinet that was wanting and stopped at the reception. He smiled at the lady behind the desk who glanced up from her computer and looked as though whatever Chendrill had to say was going to be the biggest inconvenience she’d ever endured. Thinking inside that the woman was a bitch and wondering how many kids over the years had dealt with her and hated her, Chendrill said, “I’ve a personal message for Suzy Black. If you are able to call her then I’ll be grateful.”   “She’s not here—she’s off sick.”  “May I ask when she went sick?”  “Who are you?”  “I’m her brother.”  “If you were her brother you’d know.”  “Not necessarily, when did you last call a family member?”  It was a good point, thought the woman who had a stash of cookies she’d hidden in a box in the bottom drawer of her desk, which was slowly making her ass fat. She hadn’t called in a while; in fact, it had been almost three months. She said, “…She called in yesterday morning.”  “Are my nephews here?”  “Barely,” the woman muttered under her breath, and then not caring, said out loud, “For another couple of years—if they make it.”   Chendrill drove back to the house and this time he parked outside. He got out and walked back towards the garden gate. Someone was in—he could hear a shitty Rock Mason action movie playing and could hear the man’s voice calling out over machine guns and grenades. It had to be the loser husband who’d taken a short flying lesson a couple of days back. Then the movie went quiet but not off as he saw a shadow at the door and a cab pull around the corner.  Chendrill moved around the corner into the alley at the side and waited as the cab pulled up. The door opened and then closed. Then he heard the clicking of high heels, the cab door opened and closed again, then pulled away with Suzy in the back.   Chendrill walked quickly back to the Aston and caught up with the cab two blocks up, waiting for the chance to pull out onto Hastings and head back into town. He followed it west along Hastings Street, the place changing every block as they came closer to Main Street. Junkies at the side of the road were shouting with their tops off in piss-stained trousers, women with no teeth amongst them all selling their mouths for a score, junk was all around in doorways, shopping trolleys once filled with food now filled with debris pulled from dumpsters and would have been pushed for miles. Dealers on street corners standing there trying to blend in, each with their own patch of ground, selling a ticket out for an hour or sometimes forever.   The cab took a right on Main and stopped outside the strip club.   Here we go, Chendrill thought as he parked up along the road and watched the door. An hour later more people had gone in for the lunchtime show, some had left and headed back down into town on foot or by cab, but none of them had long blonde hair and tight jeans.   He got out, crossed the road and went inside, found a seat in the corner and sat down. He looked at the stage in the centre where he’d found the loan shark and Dan drunk that time before and remembered the kid banging his hand down on the side of the stage.   He ordered a beer from the waitress and watched the girl with the nice legs prance about the stage, slowly taking her clothes off. Then as the daylight came through the front door as it opened and closed again, he saw the Italian come in and take a seat in a booth at the side. Chendrill watched as the man waited for a moment then ordered a beer himself. A minute later Suzy was there dressed like an overaged school girl coming down from up the stairs next to the rear exit. She walked through the bar, sat down next to the loan shark and kissed him on the lips.    They stayed together as the dancer on the stage slowly got naked, twisted and turned until she was down on a silk blanket spread across the stage on her front and back giving slight glimpses of her snatch to men who stared at it as though they had just seen gold.   Another dancer appeared as the music slowed and the DJ revved up the afternoon crowd who were not listening as the girl, still prancing, wrapped herself up in the silk blanket and left the stage. The DJ called out now to ‘Give it up ladies and gentlemen for the amazing Lucyyyy!’ But there were no ladies or gentlemen there in any sense of the word—in the evenings perhaps, sometimes, ladies on a night out with friends, out for a laugh and something different or the odd couple having fun and looking to get horny so as they can carry it over to the bedroom when they got home. But not that afternoon—just lap dancers and strippers, sad fucks, an Italian loan shark, and Chendrill.   Lucy got up on the stage and wondered why the men were not looking at her as they had the other girl as she spun around the pole in her tight leather skirt that did little to disguise the fact she was bigger than the last girl. The guys surrounding the stage looking up occasionally but mostly they were on their phones. Chendrill looked through her on the stage as the girl danced around as the loan shark and Suzy held hands and talked. Suzy listening intently, nodding as the man spoke. Then with another kiss that was long and full the Italian was up and out, washing the walls with afternoon blue as he left.   Suzy stood, moving along the side of the bar and sat herself down next to a middle-aged man in middle management who’d been staring at her tits ever since she’d come down the stairs. The man unable to resist the pull of her stretched lacy blouse and her purple bra underneath showing through, and the smell of her perfume as she leaned into him and spoke for a while, smiling as she did with her hand halfway up his thigh, telling him this was going to be the last lap dance of her life so she was going to make it good.   Chendrill watched as they both stood and Suzy took the man by the hand and led him to the stairs up to the champagne room. Waiting a minute, he looked around the bar for the next partially dressed lap dancing girl who was about to pass him by and said yes before the girl could even ask.   They walked up the stairs next to each other, the young girl who should have known better in her early twenties. Cocaine can do that though, change a person’s perspective and make them hang with the wrong crowd. She said, “It’s $40.00 for two songs.”   Chendrill saying straight back, “How about we stay in there till I’m ready to go and I’ll pay you $500.00?” The girl stopped midway on the stairs and stood there in her high heels and little knickers and semi top, trying to look sexy at the same time as she said, “It’s cash up front. I need it for the guy at the door.”  They passed the guy at the top of the stairs whom the girls gave half their money to when they’d fleeced some punter. Chendrill looked at the door which led to the room to where dreams were made. The first song was halfway through and that meant he’d get in for Suzy’s second. He said, “Sure.”  He paid in cash, five one-hundred dollar bills, of which half went to the house and the other went to the girl’s dealer. The bouncer at the door listening to the small earpiece connected to his security radio smiling at Chendrill as he held the young girl by her arm and pulled her to him—the big brute of a man, whispering sweet nothings to a girl he’d never get to sleep with even if he wanted to pay. They went inside. The room was dark; chairs lined the wall along with two speakers, three girls were working there already despite it being midday. Two brunettes, and Suzy with her back to them sitting on her man’s lap as they came in. Suzy working her magic, grinding herself down as the man in middle management sat there with hover hands, staring fixated at Sebastian’s friend’s breasts.   Chendrill nodded to the darkest corner of the room and sat down and pulled the girl down onto him to cover his face. Straddling him, the girl began to grind herself down onto his groin as she leaned forward, letting her hair fall into his face which suited him fine. Suzy there in front of him, now in her panties and bra, pushing down into the man’s lap in time to the music as she leaned her head back and stared at the ceiling as she moved. Her bare back showing in the low light of the room.   Chendrill looked at the girl who was on his lap seeing her now properly for the first time, feeling her hands on his shoulders as she moved her groin against his dick. She was quite beautiful with her little six pack and full breasts, her hair long with little earrings that caught the light. One day, he thought, if she ever got her act together some guy was going to be a lucky man and the man would never know about the secret she had. Then he felt her lean in and whisper in his ear, “If you like blondes with big tits you should have waited for that guy to finish.”   Then she backed off and pushed hers into Chendrill’s face, pulled out both nipples with her right hand and leaned in, lifting herself off his lap, teasing them across his lips, saying, “You like that do you?”  Chendrill did—in fact, he couldn’t not. He felt himself getting hard and then harder as the girl dropped herself back onto his lap and grinned at what she found there. Feeling guilty for the moment for forgetting about Sebastian as the girl looked to his eyes, Chendrill smiled with her as she raised her eyebrows to him. Slowly moving his head to the side, Chendrill looked back to Suzy as she leaned in and spoke to the man she was teasing before her. The man nodded back as Suzy began to take her bra off. Then slowly Chendrill watched as Suzy spun herself around and leaned back on the man as she found his hands and pulled them to her tits.   Chendrill sank back, hiding behind the girl’s head. He’d seen her back in the half light and now he could see her stomach as the man in the cheap suit mauled on the breasts of the lady whom Sebastian had bought a home for. Suzy grinding the man’s dick with her ass cheeks now as she let him feel her, while she felt nothing and looked at just as much around the room.   As far as Chendrill could see, there were no visible wounds or discreetly positioned plasters covering any form of recently ended surgery large or small. The woman was full of shit and there was no bag attached for it to squeeze into. He heard the girl grinding into him say as she whispered into his ear and pushed her breasts into his now open shirt, “You want to fuck me don’t you? You want me to pull it out and slip it into me, don’t you?” He did, in fact it would be quite nice, but not here in this shitty room, but back at his place or in a fancy hotel somewhere.  Where he could lay her on the bed, pull out his hard cock, and fuck her for the rest of the afternoon.   He answered with a smile, “No.”   The girl continued egging him on, still whispering into his ear as she rubbed herself on him, saying back to him, “Slip it in me, get it out and slide it in, I want you to, come on, no one will know, it’s dark in here, I love your chest and you’re so hard you’re making me so excited, my panties are soaked. Come on Mr. PI fuck me, fuck me Mr. PI.”  So as not to draw attention to himself, Chendrill gently pushed the girl away from him and looked her in the eyes as she continued to grind herself into him. She smiled. This wasn’t the same girl he’d asked a few days back to let him know if the Italian arrived again, in fact she wasn’t even there. He whispered into her ear, “How did you know I was a PI?”   And the girl leaning in whispered back, “Because the guy outside here told me you were and said the ones downstairs on the door just said I could keep the other half of the $500 if I could get you to get your dick out and then slap you in the face for doing so.”  The cheeky fuckers, Chendrill thought, as he smiled and looked at her and then at the door and then around the room to see if he could spot the hidden camera they must have installed in case some nut job got out of hand. He couldn’t see one. What a strange place to be on the day you discover you’ve been left a fortune, he thought, as he looked back to Suzy. The guy she was sitting on having to have just come in his pants as he’d let go of her breasts and was now looking at the floor. Suzy, the lap dance pro, would have known it as soon as he did as well and was now pulling her bra back on and starting to get up. The girl on Chendrill’s lap undeterred and still trying to achieve the same and grinding hard with her hands on his shoulders. It wouldn’t be much time before Suzy knew there was a PI watching her and Chendrill wondered if his new girl for $500 worth of shitty songs also knew his name.     Chendrill watched as the man got up and, without looking Suzy in the eye, gathered himself together. It must be a usual sight for her, Chendrill thought, with her having breasts like that and then letting guys touch them for an extra few dollars. Moments later they were gone and watching the door close, Chendrill leaned in as the girl continued to grind down up on him and said to the girl through her long brunette hair, “Times up.”   Suzy had not been there when Chendrill came downstairs and he wondered if she was cleaning herself up after feeling the guy leak. Passing the girl on the stage without looking up, he smiled as he hit the door, and said, “Get your own dicks out,” with a grin to the doormen as he walked out into the sunshine. ***************  Ditcon was at home and in the middle of a deep, deep sleep and dreaming when he heard his mother calling, “Ralphy, Ralphy, come and have your din dins, Ralphy Ralphy.” Slowly he came around as his mother’s voice became louder and louder until he eventually woke to see he was in his office with his head on the desk. Stephanie called him again, and said, “You should see this.”   He sat up and looked over to the computer Stephanie was using and looked at the screen. It was early morning footage of a guy who was the size of Chendrill limping badly and getting on a bus inside a small terminus. Ditcon asked, “What the fuck is this shit?”   Stephanie replied, smiling at Ditcon as she did, “I think it’s Chendrill, it’s the Tsawwassen bus depot a few minutes after the stolen US CBP patrol car was taken and crashed at the border and was dumped just up the road from here.”  Still half asleep, Ditcon looked closer. In his dream he’d been looking forward to a nice glass of warm milk and a cookie from his mother as he came back to reality. He wondered if he’d had his mouth open while he’d been asleep and said to Stephanie, “Was I out long?”  He had been—and with his mouth open, and he’d been snoring loudly and talking about his mother saying, “Mummy Mummy,” in fact it was almost an hour and that’s why, out of boredom, Stephanie had started looking at the footage the RCMP had sent about the border breach a few days back.    “No,” Stephanie said, lying, and carried it on further, “sorry I didn’t even know you were asleep.”  Ditcon stood, then sat again. His neck was sore; he rubbed it with his right hand and wondered why it ached like it did. Then he remembered. Maybe he should go clean his teeth he thought, but he’d thrown the old toothbrush he used to keep in the office out some time ago and he kept forgetting to replace it. He said, “you’ve made my neck ache.”   To which Stephanie said straight back, “You’ve made your own neck ache.”   He looked at the screen—she was right, it did look like Chendrill. How fucking strange is that? he thought. It must be a coincidence. After all, why would the big cocky fucker be all the way down there at that time of the morning, and, at the same time, be taking the bus? Unless it was him. Looking closer, he said, “I don’t think the guy’s wearing shoes, he’s in his socks.” It was a brilliant piece of detective work. Then he asked, “Do you have footage of the bus when it got into Vancouver?”   Stephanie did. In fact, she’d already checked all the way back to the end of the route the bus had taken and it was where the guy limping in his socks had gotten off. That’s where she’d lost him. She clicked the screen a couple more times and there she had him again—the guy who looked like Chendrill in his socks getting out of the bus with his head down. Ditcon stared at the image and made a decision in his mind. It wasn’t him. No way, not a chance. So, he said, “Yep that’s him—I got the fucker, let’s bring him in and see what he has to say.”  Then Stephanie dropped the bombshell and said, “There’s something else I just found out. That guy I told you about yesterday, the one who went off the bridge?”  Ditcon didn’t know a thing about it even though he’d been told as he hadn’t been listening. Nodding and feeling his neck hurt for real for the first time in a while, he said, “Yep! What about him?”  “Well it was the guy this Charles Chuck Chendrill worked for, the same guy who’s been supplying the cars.”  Ditcon stared at the girl who had been worried sick about working with the boss, but who now had become his new best friend—kind of. At least until he or she got bored. He smiled. Then he said to her as he leaned back and rubbed his neck, “As I’ve always said over the years, you need to take coincidences as leads.”   And, strangely, as coincidences happened, a few years ago, one wet and windy day, a man’s body had been discovered in a garden shed after falling on some garden shears, whilst the man’s wife was away in Jamaica. It had been Chendrill who had told him those same words, except Chendrill had said, “There’s only one way to look at a coincidence and that’s to take it as a bonafide lead.”  And as always, Chendrill had been right because, after all, how often do people pop out to do a bit of gardening on a rainy day? So after looking at the CCTV footage at the airport of the wife leaving and at the family photos on the mantelpiece, it was obvious the two people were very, very similar but it wasn’t the wife getting on the plane—the woman had stayed behind and stuck the shears into the man’s chest, then taken another plane the same day using the identity of her female lover with her hair dyed.    Ditcon carried on, pleased with himself now, his gut instinct telling him prior that it was Chendrill who’d crossed the border and gotten his neighbours all in a flap. He said, “You see, you’ve got to follow your hunches, sometimes it’s all you have to go on. That’s what I did here with this fucking has-been detective.”  Stephanie looked at Ralph ‘The Thief” Ditcon and stayed quiet. She’d only said they should accuse this big ass Chuck Chendrill as a joke in the first place because she didn’t like the fact her boss was being disrespected by the smart ass who drove around in an expensive car.   “Yeah that’s why I like being around you. I’m learning so much,” she said.  They put out word through the computer system that they needed the location of Basil’s car and his whereabouts also. Within half an hour, a few diligent police officers had done just that.   They found Basil in a café just off Howe Street downtown. The border security agent there at a table with Maio and her other friend from Japan. All three of them sitting around a table looking at photos Maio’s sister Kaio had sent her of the boyfriend that she’d had when she was in Vancouver. Basil there looking at photos of himself sitting in a bath with all these bubbles and a big Cuban cigar like a poor man’s Tony Montana. The friend giggling, like girls do, and saying in Japanese, “He looks like this man’s fat brother.”    The two police cars sitting outside left as Ditcon’s car pulled up and parked illegally outside the café. Ditcon getting straight out, not waiting while his new girl followed behind, saying out loud to her as he opened the door, “Get me something sticky and a double caramel macchiato—and make it marbled.”   Without an invite, he sat straight down next to Basil and watched as the two pretty Japanese girls pulled back automatically in their chairs. He said, “I think I’ve got your man for certain this time, Captain America.”*************  Mazzi Hegan still wasn’t sure what to do or why as he walked about in Sebastian’s penthouse. His life had just turned itself upside down. A few weeks ago, he was happily gay, working as a photographer for Sebastian and worrying about his taxes, and now he was straight and for the moment in charge of the company until this nymphomaniac Gill Banton decided to pull up her wet panties and hop on a plane and get herself up here. On top of it all, he had to decide what items he wanted to keep at the new penthouse apartment Sebastian had just gifted him in his will.   Why the fuck he’d done that to himself, he couldn’t understand, making a pact like that with some guy who he’d met at university. What the fuck? of all the guys he’d known when he’d liked that sort of thing, not one of them had a dick big enough that it was worth following them to the grave for. But those days were gone, before he’d had a boy’s penthouse that had been designed for sex with men. Now he had a man pad with an ocean view that was sophisticated, with Persian rugs and ornaments from around the world that were something beyond trend or style. He’d change it about a bit, get rid of some of the matching plate sets, and women would love it—but the place would still have the air of a single gay man about it, so there was still a chance it would leave them suspicious. He could leave his builder’s boots at the door and surprise them when they got inside. That would do the job and erase any doubt. Let them ride the elevator and think they were going to one of the one-bedroom man shacks on the lower levels and end up instead in paradise. Then if he was lucky, he could fuck them on one of the rugs that probably had fleas because of the dog.    But for the moment he just felt like crying as he walked about the place that still smelled of his friend. Sebastian had driven him mad on almost a constant basis but he’d been a good boss. They’d had their spats and tiffs and how many times had Mazzi quit and told the world he wanted to go to Milan, he didn’t know—but he could now, he thought, as the idea of selling and leaving crossed his mind again.   Then his phone rang—it was Gill Banton. She said, “Oh Mazzi, I’m so sorry about Sebastian. I’ve just been talking to Samuel, we’re working out a deal. Who’s this Chendrill guy who’s got all the shares in Slave, the man probably thinks a forty-mil is the size of his dick?”   Wow, thought Mazzi, just like that the woman—like any good agent—was heading in straight for the kill. Knowing only too well that Gill Banton would be in bed with some model as she spoke and something inside Mazzi was wishing it was him.    “What are you doing at the moment, Gill?”  “I’ve been so upset all day, Mazzi, I just had to have a lay-down,” she said.   I bet, Mazzi thought, as he looked out at the view of the bay that Sebastian loved and wondered if he’d ever get Gill Banton up here to his new penthouse so she could see it also while he was fucking her doggy style from behind. He said, “Same Gill, I’m at Sebastian’s place now. He’s given it to me. It’s fantastic, it must be the nicest penthouse in the city,” which it was, “I can’t believe the view.”  "I’d love to see it when I come up, Mazzi,” Gill Banton said, lying—since the man was gay there was no reason to be alone in his new penthouse with him, even if it did have a view. But then she had an idea and said, “Maybe we could have that Dan guy over there with the two of us so as we could discuss his contract?” If the boy swung both ways it could be an interesting evening, she thought.   Mazzi sat down on the sofa that was now his and thought about how many times Sebastian would have sat there also, listening to music as he played with his dog. There was no way he was letting Dan near this woman alone—not after the last time. He’d get her up here, thinking Dan was coming, then the guy wouldn’t show and she’d be here on her own. He could get a few glasses of expensive wine in her from Sebastian’s collection and then start flirting. He’d need to do that, play it cool. Not just get his dick out with a chubby on and put it on the table like he had with guys in the past. He had a classy home now and he needed to act that way.   “Yeah sounds like a plan, Gill.”  Then without a word, she was gone. Mazzi stared at the phone wondering if she was going to call back and after a while realised she wasn’t. It was her way. He sat there looking through the window at the view and the seagulls as they passed by, cruising for food. Gill Banton he thought, Gill fucking Banton. Not long ago, he’d been repulsed by her because she had better hair and nails. Now though all he wanted to do was have his way with her—her and Marshaa of course. He opened his phone and typed in Gill Banton and straight away a bunch of photos came up.  One with a hot Peruvian model who looked familiar, then another Dutch guy who she’d just fucked. Then another guy from Barcelona who she definitely hadn’t—because Mazzi once upon a time had, and there was no way the guy liked fish.  Then he had the greatest idea. As he had more shares than her, he’d make sure that when she was up, he’d only hire gay guys to model, like Phillipe Tu La Monde so she’d have nowhere else to go but to him. But no, he thought, telling himself off, he needed to start growing up if he was going to get somewhere with his life. He needed to be professional. But deep down he knew he was on to something.************  Chendrill looked at the old lady dressed in black sitting on the chair outside before he entered the doors to the funeral parlor. Standing in the reception for a moment, he looked around at the somber room until the man, who looked as though the years of using formaldehyde had taken its toll, came in from the back.   Sebastian’s final journey was about to commence. His now bloated and broken body was wrapped in a shroud at the rear of the facility awaiting cremation. But there was to be no wake or lavish celebration of life, no big bash full of weeping fair-weather friends that one would expect from a man who had spent his life promoting others into the limelight with parties and elaborate openings necessary for the elevation of status from mere mortal to prince or princess.   For all Sebastian had asked for as a final request, which his friend and lawyer Samuel Gadot had read aloud at the reading of the will to anyone who was still listening, were these words which he asked kindly for all who knew him well to abide to.  ‘I've never liked funerals, ghastly affairs in my eyes, and I'm not going to subject anyone to mine. So, keeping this in mind: please, I ask—no service, no funeral, no ceremony, for me. If you have tears please shed them, yes, and say your goodbyes in a place of your choosing and with those tears wherever you are, know I will be with you. I'm gone and I bid you farewell with these words.’ But in those words were a ‘get out’ clause for Chendrill because although the time and date for Sebastian's quiet lonely cremation was a guarded secret, it was here Chendrill had chosen to say his thanks and his goodbyes to a man who had become a true friend.   The undertaker who dressed in black for a living stepped out from the back and told Chendrill about the backlog he had today in the crematorium because one of the burners was down—when in reality he'd been waiting for the guy who loaded the corpses into it to come back from lunch. It being easier to watch a soap on TV instead of doing his job. The guy in his sixties, wearing one of the two black suits bought for him each year by a wife whom he hated because she was a bitch. The man standing there in the reception with his head down feeling fine inside but looking morose for no other reason other than that's what he did.   Chendrill asked him straight, “What are we waiting for?”   It was a good question. The undertaker looked up at him solemnly, then he turned, walked to, and held open the doors that led out back to the area where people didn’t like to go. They reached the ovens, the man asking respectfully for Chendrill to wait—the floor unfinished in the corridor, the place stinking of formaldehyde and the sweet sickly stench that comes from death.   A minute later, the kid who was late back from lunch for no other reason than he was lazy came backwards through a door, pushing a gurney that carried a shrouded corpse. Reaching Chendrill he stopped, looked at him and, pulling out his phone, began texting.   “Is this Mr String?” asked Chendrill.   Looking up at him for a moment then nodding to the label at the foot of the gurney, the kid went straight back to his phone.    Slowly Chendrill looked away from the kid and down at Sebastian’s wrapped body.   Not taking his eyes off the screen on his phone, the kid shifted his body weight off the wall and, with one hand, lined up Sebastian's gurney with the crematorium, ready for him to slide inside.   Chendrill looked into the chamber. The burners were ready to ignite but there was ash covering its base mixed with the residue of silicone. Chendrill looked at the kid and said, “Clean this out please before you put my friend in there.”   The kid looked at him. “Sorry?”  “You need to clean the incinerator.”  The kid rolled his eyes as he finished texting, then putting his phone in the pocket of his black cover jacket he said as he began to carry on, “It's silicone, you can't get it out.”   Placing his hand on the gurney, Chendrill stopped the kid in his tracks. The last thing he needed was Sebastian's ashes mixed up with some dead woman’s tits. He said, “You need to clean it.”   The kid said it again, this time in a tone that had always worked with his mum, “You can't get it out; it's baked in. It's not policy.”  Policy? Chendrill thought, what a load of bullshit. Chendrill said, “Imagine that it was you going in there because last night you were getting all fucked on E and coke with your friends but instead knocked backed some fentanyl.”   “Wouldn’t give a shit,” the kid said.  Chendrill scoffed, then carried on saying, “Well maybe your mother would care, so, un bake it, turn on the burner, heat it up in there, open the door, and scrape it out.”  Reluctantly the kid closed the door, hit the button to ignite the burner and walked away.   Chendrill stood there alone with Sebastian. When was the last time they had a private moment? he thought, it was in the limo, but Belinda had been there. Nonetheless, it was their time.  “We can't have you mixed up with some chick who was big in the nineties, can we Sebastian?” he said.  He looked over to the door as it opened and the kid came back down, this time carrying a shovel and a metal bucket stained yellow from cigarette butts. Without a word, he shut off the burner and opened the door, blasting heat and ash out on purpose from the door’s vacuum as he did. He waited a second before lifting the shovel and scraping the silicone and ash from the bottom of the incinerator. He looked back up at Chendrill as he dropped the last of the steaming goo into the bottom of the bucket, and said, “Like I said, we're busy.”   Chendrill snapped straight back, “Yeah, well you can get busier and go get a broom, be respectful, and clean out the rest of the ash from the poor soul who you put in there last.”  “Whatever,” said the kid as he walked away, clanking the bucket against the wall as he did for effect. Reaching the door, he called out without looking back, “I’m not the one who turned up here dressed like I’m about to go on holiday.”   Cocky fuck, Chendrill thought, as he looked down at his red Hawaiian. The kid had a point. He said straight back, “If you don’t like your job, go work at McDonalds.”    Without making eye contact, the kid came back to the incinerator and stood next to Sebastian’s body lying on the gurney. Reaching in with the broom, he pulled back ash with one slow exaggerated stroke after the other, each time letting some of the remnants of the woman who’d once been so proud of her cleavage fall onto the floor. Eventually when the incinerator was clean, the kid looked up at him. Chendrill smiled and said, “Now how hard was that?”  Without a word, the kid then raised the gurney and slid Sebastian feet first inside and as he was about to shut the door, he heard Chendrill say, “I got this.”   The kid looked at him and said, “You ain’t allowed, I’ve got to do it proper.”   “Like last time?” Chendrill said as he stood there with his hand on the door waiting for the kid to now leave.   Turning, the kid began to walk away, he reached the door and was almost through when he called out, “Everyone’s an expert!”    Chendrill watched the kid disappear and the door close behind him with a slam. He reached in and gently pulled the shroud away from Sebastian’s pale and ghostly bloated face. Chendrill looked at him for a moment, Sebastian there with his eyes closed. He kissed his fingers on his right hand and gently touched them to Sebastian’s head and after stroked his hair and said, “Thank you, my friend. I will miss you.”   Chendrill closed the door tightly, and just as he’d seen the kid do earlier, he reached to the lever on the side, pulled it down, hit the button to ignite the burner, and stood there feeling the heat rise through the burners beyond the metal door and watched through the little observation window as the golden light took over.   A half hour later, he was back outside stepping through the office door with Sebastian’s ashes in a box under his arm. The lady in black who was there before was now gone. He walked up some steps and through an ornate memorial garden and headed towards his car. Then he saw her standing there to the side, under a tree, looking to him, as though she had been waiting for Chendrill all along. As he passed, she called out to him, “Sebastian thanks you for looking after him.”   Slowing, Chendrill looked over and was about to speak when he then heard her say ,“He is also thanking you for the kiss.”  Chendrill felt the hairs on his neck and arms stand on end as he stopped. He looked over at the woman standing there almost like a ghost herself and remembered Sebastian talking about her from time to time. Not wanting to move closer, he called out as it dawned on him who the woman was, “You’re the one who called—Sebastian’s friend?”  She was Sebastian’s friend indeed, if you can call someone you habitually saw and paid for inane spiritual advice in the form of a palm reading a friend. The woman sitting on a little stool at her makeshift table, outside the shoe shops on Robson Street dressed in her best gypsy clothes and holding Sebastian’s hand. Week after week turned into month after month in which Sebastian had sat and listened as she read his palm, spouting bullshit about Alan being happy and passing on Sebastian’s lover’s kind words. Sebastian, being Sebastian, seeing it all for what it was, but loving it anyway.   Without a yes or a no, the lady simply said, “He’s saying, stay away from Casper Street.” ************  Chendrill pulled out onto the main road holding onto Sebastian’s ashes in the box as he did and thought, What the fuck was that? Jesus. Fuck. That woman was creepy. Sebastian had mentioned her once or twice in the brief time they’d known each other, suggesting he should go see her, telling Chendrill how sweet she was and how she knew stuff that she shouldn’t.   But soothsayers weren’t his thing, especially ones that sat on the street with everyone passing by who’d be wondering what the big fellow was missing so much in his life that he felt the need to go sit on a little stool too small for his backside.   It wasn’t long after Chendrill headed back into town before he’d gotten two calls. The first from Sebastian’s accountant who needed a bank account number to put his money into and then ten minutes later another from the girl on the front desk at Slave who said a lady by the name of Suzy had been in and she’d been crying in the waiting room as she wanted to talk to whoever was in charge. Chendrill said, “Tell her to meet me at the same place she used to meet Sebastian.”  Chendrill was back out the door and sitting alone in the park with the sun on his back watching the road and the bench where the unlikely friends had met over the last little while. He wanted to see who was bringing her there—her loser husband or her bigger parasite loser boyfriend, and when she arrived, it was neither. The first he saw of her was her blonde hair waving in the wind as she stepped out of a taxi up at the top of the steps that led down to the park by the water. Suzy coming towards him, looking good in her signature tight blouse and stretch jeans with high heels. Moving down the steps sideways so as not to fall and holding her bag in the crux of her elbow. She moved along past the fountains where children liked to play and hit the seawall—guys discretely looking one way then the next as she passed. Chendrill standing way away, watching everything.   Five minutes later as she sat alone, he was next to her and heard her say as he sat down, “I'm sorry, do you mind. I'm waiting for someone. We always meet here.”   And Chendrill said, “I'm sorry to tell you that someone's not here anymore. He’s passed on.” Suzy looked to Chendrill as though she had not heard him properly. Then as she realized the guy wo had just sat down in the loud shirt was the person she had asked to meet, she said, “Yes, sorry, I know but it’s just hard to accept right now.”   Chendrill was too, sorry to have lost a friend, sorry to have had to sit there and not been allowed to thump out the piece of shit lawyer who knew Sebastian was about to end it all and did nothing other than invoice. “Yeah I am too,” he said as he took a deep breath.   Suzy looked at him as her eyes began to well up with tears, “So it's true, he's gone?”  “Yep,” is all Chendrill said as he looked to nothing out on the water.   “How?”   He told her everything about how promises to Sebastian were sacred and how he'd made one to his boyfriend that they'd meet again, all three of them, once the dog had died. He waited as she shed real tears, gut wrenching tears. Her head in her hands with her hair hanging at the side.  Chendrill waited and watched without offering a hand to console. Then when she was done and Suzy had pulled a small tissue from her bag and wiped her eyes and blew her nose, she surprised him by saying, “Yeah that Alan was always a selfish piece of shit.” ***************    Dan sat in his room and wondered what it was going to be like having to fend for himself once his mother had stopped crying and called a realtor. Patrick had been all over her about it since it looked like he was going to have to dust off a couple of his favourite patterned cashmere sweaters that had survived the cull. For the moment, she'd said she would wait. But Dan was wondering how long. She hadn't said, ‘It’s okay Dan if I do move I'll make sure there's a shitty little room in the basement you can live in love.’ So, from what he could tell, the computer, TV, sound system and the bench with the red vice that Sebastian had bought were heading downtown to his swanky new pad with its pictures of guys having man-sex on the bedroom ceiling—once that weirdo Mazzi Hegan got the fuck out that is.   What a strange turn of events, he thought, stealing some keys to a penthouse and a Ferrari and ending up owning both, and on top of it all he had Marshaa, voted the most beautiful woman in the world, naked in his basement bedroom sucking his cock.   Pulling his dick from her mouth, ‘Marshaa’, as she now liked to be called, said, “What's the matter, why can't you come?”   Dan looked down at her as she kneeled at the edge of her bed and noticed she'd put a couple of crusty socks from beneath the bed under her knees. He said, “It’s because my mum’s upstairs.” It wasn't—what would he care, he'd fucked almost everything in the fridge over the years with his mum upstairs, so why should having a supermodel over be any different. After all he was getting evicted soon anyway? But there were two reasons: one, he needed to go to the toilet; and the other was that there was a man looking in the window and he was carrying a hockey stick.  He said, “And there's a guy staring at me through the window.”   Marshaa stayed still for the moment and looked up at Dan. She'd seen the curtains were open in the low window but in the heat of the moment she'd forgotten to close them. Now she wondered if it was a Pap who'd followed her there and gotten lucky. She said, “Is he a Pap?”   ''No, he drives a cab.”   “Has he got a camera?”   “No, a hockey stick,” Dan answered,   “Oh?” Marshaa replied, as she let go of Dan’s now semi-hard dick altogether and pulled on a t-shirt Dan had not seen for months from under the bed. She turned, looked to the man and called out through the run-down home’s basement window, “You've got the wrong address. We don't take taxis—we have chauffeurs!” *************  It wasn’t long before Ditcon also had Chendrill in his sights after sending out the boys to look for the big guy. When they’d found him, he was talking to some lady with blonde hair over on the seawall in the park at Coal Harbour.   Stephanie pulled the car up and joined Ditcon as he watched Chendrill chatting away with the good-looking blonde. The dirty bastard, I bet he’s fucking her, Ditcon thought as he wished he had some binoculars so he could get a better look at the woman. Holding out his hand without looking back, he said, “Binoculars,” and opening the glove box, Stephanie looked inside.   “There aren’t any,” she replied.   And straight away she heard the man tut, then heard him say surprisingly without any hint of frustration or annoyance, “Well, get on the radio and have some binoculars bought to me ASAP.” Picking up her radio, Stephanie called it in and with screaming sirens and flashing lights, the binoculars made their way through red lights and traffic across town. Four minutes and forty-five seconds later, they were with him.   Ditcon took the binoculars from the cop who was good at the wheel without saying thanks, gave the man a talking to for being so fucking noisy, then followed it up with, “Now turn those lights off and get out of here.”   Ditcon smiled to Stephanie as they watched the police car pull away. He put the glass to his eyes and focussed in on the happy couple. He was right, the woman had big tits—and long legs, skinny ankles, nice face, big sunglasses on the top of her head. Chendrill was in his usual, standard issue, stupid Hawaiian—the fucking prick. He said to Stephanie, “Can you lip read?”  Stephanie gave it some thought and unless Chendrill was sitting across from her in a bar and mouthing, ‘I want to fuck you, right now,’ the answer was no. She said, “It’s not in my skill set.”  Nodding again without looking back and taking his eyes away from the glass, he said, “We need a lip reader.” She called it in and ten minutes later they had one.   The lady got out of the police car and still shaking got into the backseat of Ditcon’s vehicle and sat next him. Ditcon looked at her—she was older and he didn’t like her shoes or her nylon dress. He asked, “You bring your own binoculars?”   She hadn’t. This was a pain. He said, “If you’re in this line of work, then you need to turn up with the right equipment. You need to keep glasses with you at all times. It’s basic police procedure.”  The woman looked to her handbag and pulled out her reading glasses. She said, “I’m a school teacher, but my son is deaf. They said it was a national emergency.”  Ditcon dropped his binoculars into his lap and looked to the lady who was a school teacher but had a kid who was deaf. What the fuck? he thought. What are these pricks doing giving him bargain basement manpower? He handed the binoculars to the lady and said, “If you’ve got a deaf kid how does he watch TV properly?” It was something he’d always wondered, same for blind kids. Then he said, “Don’t worry, there’s a guy down there in a Hawaiian. We need to know what he’s talking about and the woman with the blonde hair we need to know what she’s saying also.”  The woman lifted the binoculars to her eyes and as she did she understood what this intense man was referring to when he’d talked about glass. Because of the shirt, she found Chendrill with ease, looked at him and then at Suzy, then to Suzy’s breasts. God, they’re big, she thought—nice, the lucky girl, she liked the blouse too, the way the buttons stretched only just keeping them in. She thought about her own and how she’d done the same for her husband when she’d tried to get sexy for him sometimes in the bedroom and how when she’d got him all hot and excited and he’d licked her down there and then made love to her, she had screamed as loud as she wanted without the fear of waking her kid.   Something had been bothering Stephanie, something the woman had said didn’t add up. Turning in her driver’s seat she asked, “May I ask, if it’s your son who’s deaf then how come you can lip read also?”  Ditcon said, butting in, “We haven’t got time for chit-chat—what are they saying?”   The school teacher, taking her aim up to Suzy’s mouth, waited a bit and then said, “They’re talking about a house, they’re talking about the bay window.”    And they were, Chendrill sitting there hearing how sorry Suzy was about the way her husband had thrown Chendrill through the window and was worrying if he was okay.   Chendrill assured her he was fine. He had already gotten it out of her how she knew Alan and had confirmed the fact that the woman had bad taste in men. He’d also found out that the loan shark was an old boyfriend who had a brother who also had a ‘friend’, and how Suzy knew the brother was gay because he’d not once looked below her chin. She’d said, “They had this thing where they would go to horse races around the province. But I always thought it was an excuse, because from what I could see the horse they had always came last, so why bother unless it was to get away?”   Chendrill asked if she’d ever met Sebastian in the past. She said she had, at parties years before, and he’d been so sweet. Then this year, earlier in the spring, she’d had another row with her husband one afternoon and been walking along the path where they sat right now and she’d heard her name called out and at first she thought it was a man from the bar or some kind of stalker, but then she’d seen the dog and it had all clued in. Not long after that, she’d met the ex-boyfriend again.   So that was the connection, Chendrill had thought as he’d heard the sirens working their way towards the park through the city, then seen the glimpse of light reflecting off the front of the glass flash a couple of times from the side of a car parked on the road up top. With all the commotion, someone up there was watching someone in the park and they weren’t being very discreet. The odds were high they were watching him.   Chendrill asked, “What’s he do for a living, this ex-boyfriend?”   “Lends money,” Suzy answered, without a beat. Then she carried on straight after with, “He’s always got cash on him, he’s never short.”   Then Chendrill asked, “So why had he been hitting up Sebastian for $250,000?”  Suzy stopped talking and looked at Chendrill in surprise. She said, “I’m sorry.” But the woman wasn’t sorry, not one bit, she was confused. She asked again, but this time in another manner, “He did what?”  Chendrill carried on, the man having enough experience to spot a liar or trickster—there was always body language that showed in their breathing, or a small look to the floor, the rubbing of the neck or the constant touching of their hair and this woman was showing not one sign. She was, from all he was hearing and seeing, just an honest woman and Sebastian hadn’t been wrong.  “He was hitting him up for $250,000. He said it was for the horse that died.”  Suzy looked away and then back, the woman obviously pissed off, the way they can be when they hear someone they care about has gone behind their back. She said, “I can tell you, the only people who’d have paid top dollar for that nag were the people who made glue. I’ll tell you what it was right now—Sebastian went behind his boyfriend’s back and offered my Mattia’s brother $250,000 for the horse, but what it was really for was for his brother to back off and stay away from the man Sebastian loved. I know these guys were all crazy back then, fucking each other, it’s the way they all carried on, even Sebastian, but he saw something more with those two, and it was something he needed to stop. I know he approached Mattia to broker the deal.”  Chendrill sat there looking out to sea. Wow, he thought. It was the way Sebastian worked—he’d seen it himself—the man threw money at things. It was kind of one of the good and the bad traits he had about himself. He said, “And you hooked up with this Italian again and told him Sebastian was still around and you’d met, and Sebastian was being kind and buying you a house and the next thing the man’s going around dragging up the past and wanting his piece of the pie?”  Suzy looked at Chendrill and said, “Yeah, it seems that way, doesn’t it? I’m surprised he’s still interested in me after he realized what I’d been doing for a living over the last decade or so. But I’m telling you, after I’d told him about the house, I made him swear on my life that he’d leave Sebastian be.”     They sat for a moment, both staying quiet as Suzy calmed down and Chendrill took it all in. Then Chendrill said, “Sebastian mentioned to me you had a medical issue he was worried about. How is it?”  Suzy looked to Chendrill and he could tell she was uncomfortable with the question. He said, “Sebastian and I were very close. But not in that way. He was worried about you.”  Suzy, took a deep breath and then blushed, then after tussling her hair, said, “Yeah, I’ve got this bag. I had something happen to me and now I have to wear it for a while, you know, while things heal.”  Chendrill nodded, then asked, “So how does having this bag affect you when you’re moonlighting at the club?”   Suzy stared at him for a moment, working it all out, putting the pieces to her own puzzle together in her head. She said, “That was you today then? You sent the PI that I heard was there into the club and had me watched, yeah?”  Chendrill nodded, then said, “Kind of.”  “Yeah, they said someone had been up in the room…. And now you’re wondering how a girl can lap dance when she’s got a bag.”   Chendrill stayed quiet.  “Well first, we need the money—I know I got this job at the school, but it’s wasn’t enough and there’s not a lot of work at the docks for my husband, you know?”   Chendrill did know. Vancouver docks were busy; there was always work there if you wanted to work hard when you turned up. But if you didn’t, the work would go to someone else—unless you were in with the right people. Suzy carried on, “So, I knew there were bills coming up and I didn’t want to ask Sebastian as I was so happy he’d found a home for us and I was embarrassed about what happened with my stupid thug of a husband and the window. So I went back for a bit and, well, I took the bag out for a bit and taped the tube to my skin with sticking plaster. You can do that.”  “Oh?” Chendrill said, not sounding that convinced. Having seen pretty much all her skin when he’d been in the room a few hours earlier.   “You don’t believe me?” Suzy asked. Chendrill stayed quiet. Then with a rush of blood to her head, Suzy reached down to her jeans and, with her long false nails bending as she did, she unbuttoned them, pulled them to the side, and then pushed down the same knickers he’d seen her in earlier to reveal a colostomy bag attached to the bottom of the left-hand side of her stomach. Pulling it up a little she clasped the tube with her long red nails and exposed the sore looking cut in her stomach were the tube entered her bowel.   “See, happy now?” Suzy asked as she pulled up her panties and refastened her jeans.  Chendrill was happy, happy that she hadn’t been lying and happy his friend hadn’t been proven a fool for his generosity. He said, “Sebastian told me you were leaving your husband. Is this correct?”  Suzy looked at him and for a moment he thought that the lap dancer was about to cry, then nodding she said, “Yeah, I think its best after what he’s put me through. You know I should have known it after the first date he took me on and he had us sneak in through the back door of the cinema for free. A week later he had us doing the same in restaurants, although then it was us sneaking out instead of in. I was young then and I took it as fun and exciting. But now I see he was just being cheap, those people working for us, cooking meals and all and all we were doing was stealing.”  Chendrill looked away again for the moment and thought about what a slimy fuck the woman’s husband was. He’d only been around the couple for a minute amount of time and he could see the way the man leached off of her and used her to get what he needed sexually. He said, “You’re very honest.”   Suzy looked at him and said, “Yeah well that’s me, tell it as it is. If you’re with someone who’s decent, obviously it’s best to keep quiet about some things, but what’s the point in holding back if you’re asked something and the answer’s not going to hurt. That’s why I was so open with Seb.”  Chendrill felt the sadness inside her and the sadness inside him, which seemed for the moment to be constant. He thought back to how often Sebastian would have sat here with her and listened to the woman as she let out all her problems. He felt like being honest and telling her that if it were not for her shitty husband and kids, Sebastian would have been around for easily a few more years until the dog died. But what was the point in that? As she’d just said herself, what’s the point in being honest about something that was going to hurt?  He sat back and looked at the waters some more, feeling the breeze on his face, then to the mountains on the other side of the inlet with their ski resorts waiting patiently for the first snows to fall. Sebastian had kept his little secret about this promise to Alan quiet, never letting the slightest inkling out of the box. If he had, Chendrill knew he’d have been on it and the man’s feelings would not have been taken into consideration. Then he heard Suzy say, “You know, I feel like I have had guys wanting me sexually since I was a teenager and the only one who’s ever gone out of his way for me has been a gay guy.”  Chendrill looked back to her and waiting as a couple passed before saying, “And on that note, are you going back to your old boyfriend?”   Suzy looked to him as she put a little more together in her head. She said, “You’ve been having me followed over to Deep Cove have you?”   Chendrill stayed quiet again, and thought so that’s where that fuckhead loan shark hangs out when he’s not out there selling blocks, sitting out there in amongst the real people who had jobs and pretending to be one of them. Then he heard Suzy take a deep breath and say, “Well, yeah that’s where I go, and if you were wearing a bag for the same reason I am you wouldn’t be judging me.”  Chendrill looked at her, the woman sitting there with her blonde hair blowing in the breeze. He got it. He’d heard what her husband had said and Sebastian had confirmed it when they’d sat and chatted in the car. Any man who used his wife in such a perverse manner for his own sexual gratification, even without hurting her physically, deserved to see her run to suburbia even if it was into the arms of a shithead like this Mattia the Italian. In Chendrill’s eyes, you reaped what you sowed. He said, “Yeah, I get it, don’t worry.”   Then he saw her turn to him, take a deep breath, and say, “I know what went down with Seb’s dog. So, I’m going to tell you something about this other job my husband has that I’ll leave with you. Now I know who you are, if you’re anything of the man Seb said you are, then I’ll know it’ll only be a matter of time before my husband gets what he deserves and I can move forward with my life.” ***********  “What are they talking about?” Ditcon asked again for what seemed to be the hundredth time. The man wondering if he could share the binoculars and have one eye on either side with their heads together the same as he had with his friends when they’d watched people fucking at the point in Stanley Park when they were kids. He asked again, “Anything?”   Staying focused, the school teacher wondered what to invoice these idiots for being dragged out of school under the pretext of a national emergency when all the lady with the lovely tits had been talking about was herself and now her husband’s job. Without dropping the binoculars, she said, “They were talking about Deep Cove. Then after they were talking about drug addicts, horses and money, $250,000 to be precise and she’s really annoyed about it, and bags they were talking about bags, then the lady showed him her knickers.”  Fuck, Ditcon thought. Then said, “The dirty bastard.”  “Oh,” said the school teacher, who’d just decided on nothing less than $500, then carried on saying, “and she said something about a gay guy. And now they are talking about her husband who she doesn’t love anymore because he keeps going down to the United States all the time.”  Then it hit Ditcon—it was obvious, the fucker was bringing stuff through the border and using mules to do it. He was getting hot women and guys to do the dirty work and having them stuff drugs in little bags down their pants or wherever. The guy was recruiting drug addicts who could keep themselves together to do the work. And then one had let him down, that’s why he jumped the border—he had had no other choice. There was a reason he was driving the fancy car, it was oh so simple once you put it all together. The guy was running drugs. It all made sense now. He said out loud, “Oh my God—how far the mighty fall.” 
