Chapter Seventeen  Mazzi Hegan had packed up, cleared out of his old love nest, walked away from his old sword swallowing life and had left it all behind. He was gone and in what seemed the blink of an eye Dan was in, and thanks to Sebastian’s generosity in death, he was the proud owner of a gay palace complete with leather sofas, glass coffee tables, power showers, and murals.  Dan hit the button on Mazzi Hegan’s music system and listened as The Pet Shop Boys blared out. The silver suit that went with the undies and fitted tight on Mazzi also fit Dan well. He looked at the four Korean dancing troupe girls sitting on Mazzi’s leather sofa and smiled. Then he said, “So what do you think of the new pad, you like it?”  They did.  The place had four bedrooms, all en suite, which he now owned and hadn’t noticed the last time he’d been over and had his nose broken by a man bag. He looked again at the note sitting on the dresser and read it over for the fifth time: Dan – Keep what you want - Throw the rest to the wolves.    And ‘wolves’ meant the people in need, Dan supposed. All the clothes, silk suits, as well as the furniture it seemed—and the half-eaten bath loaf. Most of the clothes were super gay though; in fact, all of the clothes Mazzi Hegan had left behind were just that. He could imagine what would happen if he was to drop off a few bags here and there for the guys and girls living on the streets to find. And the next day, he’d see a bunch of the downtown homeless population wandering about in tight lycra string vests that say ‘I Swallow’ but what the hell. Clothes were clothes.   Looking to the group of girls sitting there chatting in Korean in the hope that they might put on one of the t-shirts and find some inspiration in the over the top subliminal messaging, he said, “There’s clothes as well if you need them.”   They didn’t—they could see what he was wearing and were cool. The leader, Myuki, said, “Your clothes are too big, not fit.”  “These clothes aren’t mine, they belong to the guy who lived here before, Mazzi, you met him?” Dan quickly said, putting them straight, and followed up with, “Same with the drawings on the ceiling in the main bedroom.”  Then he watched as the girls looked at each other and laughed, and heard Myuki say, “We think that you!”  Dan smiled, he’d given the dance troupe a lightning tour and only opened the door quickly for the girls to see what had once been Mazzi Hegan’s bedroom and he hadn’t seen anyone glance up to the ceiling to see the drawing, but now by the way they were giggling, they obviously had. He said, “Yeah well, I ain’t that hairy.”  He’d texted them just after he’d felt ‘Marshaa’ had outstayed her welcome and in an attempt to get her to leave he’d asked her if she’d help him clean the bathroom and watched her entourage arrive and whisk her off 5 minutes later in a limousine. Not that Dan had actually known where the bleach and rubber gloves were in his mother’s home, but it had been a good idea at the time as the supermodel was getting all cuddly and beginning to get on his nerves.   Then not long after, the girls had met him in a pizza joint just off Main Street. Dan there wearing the silver suit he still had on, being stared at with tomato sauce on his chin and the Korean girls all sitting squeezed in together on the opposite side of the table hardly eating. Dan asking as he ate if any of them had family on the other side of the fence and if so what did they watch on TV. The girls not understanding until he’d said DMZ and then they got it. But no, no family over there on the north side. They said as a group, “They not have clothes like you in the north.”  Dan doubted they did, but from what he’d seen on the internet, he’d have fit right in on a Friday night in downtown Seoul.  Dan said to the Korean girls as they sat neatly together on the sofa of his new penthouse, “So if you want to move in and stay here you can.”   The girls looked at each other, then around the place. Then looking back at each other, they all spoke again together for what seemed like an age as they pulled their long dark hair away from their faces and unconsciously twirled it with their fingers. Then one said, “Can we dance here?”  Dan thought about it for what must have been a second and said, “You worried about the neighbours?”  They were, the place they were staying just on the edge of town had already had enough of the routines they’d been rehearsing over and over at all hours of the day and night. They nodded.   Dan smiled and, looking to the floor beneath his feet, wondered what the people below had heard and gone through on Friday nights since Mazzi Hegan had been living there. Looking up, he said, “I’m sure they’ve heard worse.”      Dan turned back to the music system, and cutting Westend Girls in half, he flipped through some more of Mazzi’s collection. Abba, Sister Sledge, Kylie Minogue, Madonna, Diana Ross—for fucksake, he thought and wondered if it would ever end.  Then he heard one of the girls call out just as he hit the button for Lady Gaga.   “You have K-Pop?”  Not me, Dan thought but could not be bothered to say ‘No K-Pop, no.’ He thought back to a video he’d seen on the internet earlier that year when he was watching dance moves and had ended up watching Gangnam style. Then dug deeper. There was a boy band called DNA, there were seven in the band. The lead, he remembered, went by the name of Rap Monster. He flipped through the screen and stopped at Rap, then hit a little folder next to it and the words ‘Super Fucking Hot Korean Guys’ came up. Dan clicked on it and as soon as he did, the TV clicked on and DNA were on the screen, all looking cool in jeans and baseball caps and from what Dan could tell none of them had yet needed to purchase a razor.  Delighted, the girls got up and moved to the center of the room and seconds later were dancing in exactly the same routine as the boys on the screen. Dan watched the girls as they slowly put their own feminine spin on the routine, Myuki taking the lead and the other girls—Chun Lee, Chun Si and Chun Me—following.  Dan hit another button and another K-Pop song started up which sounded almost exactly the same, but the girls did not miss a beat. Then he hit another, and another as the girls looked to him and smiled. Then he flipped through and hit Frank Sinatra and they stopped.   Myuki looked at him and asked smiling, “You not like K-Pop?”   Truth was, Dan didn’t, but he had a feeling it was going to grow on him. **************  Daltrey took a deep breath and stepped in through the front door of the strip club and smiled at the bouncers as they eyed her up as she passed through. The place was dirty, she thought, as she felt her feet stick slightly to the carpet and the stench of spilled booze hit her nose. Chendrill having arranged it with an Angel he knew for Daltrey to work there no questions asked. The guy owing him a favor from years before when Chendrill had left his name out of a drug deal that had gone south and two Vietnamese had been found, each with a shotgun hole where their stomachs used to be.   The same Angel who now ran the strip club just as surprised as the guys from Ho Chi Minh when the guns appeared, as all he’d been asked to do was unlock a gate.  Within a week, Chendrill knew who had been shot and why and had little sympathy for the two Asians who’d decided to come into his town to spread poison. The Harleys of the two trigger happy bikers put under cover for the next seven years as they did their time in Kent Maximum Security prison. Just as Chendrill had been under cover when the Angel who now had risen in the organization had spilled the beans.  Daltrey found the back room and a locker left empty by a girl who had worked there before and had fallen in love, but would be back soon. The place was clean enough in amongst a sea of depravity and full of chairs and mirrors made dusty with body talc. Then the manager came in wearing a thick gold chain and bracelet, and without as much as a hello said, “You done this before?”  She hadn’t, except for a joke, playing stripper and lap dancer, but the person sitting on the chair with the lights off had been a girl who wished she was a boy. She said, “Yeah.”   The manager looking her up and down before telling her she gets two songs per lap dance and no more and half of what she brings in goes to him, and no fucking or sucking guys off for extra.  Well you don’t have to worry about that, Daltrey thought, as she then heard the guy say without looking back as he was leaving, “Unless it’s me—and you don’t want to work afternoons on a Monday.”  Daltrey watched the man leave then said to herself as she turned back to her locker, “Yeah, I’ll get right on that you sweaty fucking asshole.”  She looked at herself in the mirror, her long blond wig covering her damaged scalp and makeup hiding the rest. Fucking Chendrill, she thought, what the fuck had he gotten her into? Get to know Suzy, the other blonde working the room, the same girl with the big breasts she’d seen over in the corner with her hand too far up the inside leg of a business man who should have known better. Get to know her, her and the Italian with the rings who was apparently here all the time, if she could—the guy dating Suzy, or kind of. What was Chendrill looking for? From what Daltrey could tell, he really didn’t know yet himself. She did know though that the man now could buy the club outright tomorrow and bring the bulldozer in the same afternoon. But where would the girls with daddy issues and cocaine habits to feed go then, she wondered. After all the devil you know is sometimes better, and how bad could it be?   She stepped outside and looked up the stairs to where she’d be taking Williams that evening, and a stream of his nerdy friends whom Chendrill had lined up for a free evening out on him. Each one armed with a code word that would indicate all was okay and Daltrey could go through the motions of sitting on their dicks—the code being Hawaiian shirt, of which she wasn’t sure whether it was a joke or whether Charles Chuck Chendrill thought he was being cool.   She stripped off most of her clothes and walked, scantily dressed in lingerie, into the main throng of lights and loose women and sad men, feeling the eyes on her as she went, the girl up on the stage prancing about in her high heels. Where the fuck was Williams? she thought as she wandered about smiling like she was loving being there in this stinking shithole in her sexy outfit, some men smiling back, others too drunk to care. The DJ hidden away in a little booth talking bullshit, telling everyone they were lovely people and introducing the next dancer, saying, “Put your hands together ladies and gentlemen for the… Lovely… Asmanda!”   Asmanda? Daltrey thought as she watched the girl climb the steps and step out onto the stage, cross it, then, with a turn and a double back step, come forward again. Asmanda wasn’t a name. Then she realized she didn’t have one for herself, how fucking stupid was she? She was going soft. Soft in the brain, she thought. Yeah, she’d given it a bit of thought and knew she would cross that bridge when she got to it. Chendrill had told her he’d told them her name was Maggie Cross, but she couldn’t use that with the sad fuckers in here. Fuck. Suddenly Asmanda didn’t sound too bad. She looked about, Mell, Shell, Bell… Belle, yeah that would do—Belle as in beautiful. Then as if right on cue she heard a guy say to her, “Hey—baby sit down.” And turning she saw a fat guy with a bald head and porky fingers sitting there looking up at her. Reaching out he grabbed Daltrey’s hand and pulled her down next to him. Then asked, “What’s your name?”   “Belle.”   The guy smiled, and holding onto his beer at the same time said, “Oh, you’re from Quebec?”   She wasn’t. Daltrey said, “No, I’m from Victoria.”  She looked at the man, seeing him closer in the multi-colored light. He had shaved but was obviously having trouble with his razor around the sweaty, fatty flesh under his chin. He said, “I’ve not been in here before, I like it.”  “Good!”  “You’re really pretty.”   “Thanks.”  Daltrey looked away; it had been a while since someone had told her that. Except for Sebastian, and he was probably just saying that to make her feel better. Then she heard him say it again, “I’m not just saying it, you really are.”   Daltrey smiled at the man. From what she could tell he must have been in about his mid-forties, but it was hard to tell. He looked lonely. She said, “You’re very kind.”   “Thanks, you’ve nice tits.”  “So have you,” Daltrey snapped back as quick as a flash. Then followed it up with, “You could work here.”  The man looked back at her, not sure what to say or if he had heard her correctly in the noise from the speakers as they blared out a song he could not remember but liked.   “Sorry?”  “You should be.”  “No, sorry I didn’t hear you properly.”   Daltrey leaned in, so he could, then said, “If you started talking to women properly then maybe you wouldn’t need to come here to get your dick sucked.”   Then she stood and smiled, held out her hand, took his and carried on with, “Baths have taps, give yours a turn.”  With that she was off again, moving around the floor, wiggling her little ass as she went, searching for her next victim, looking pretty. She hit the end of the club where the bar was and sat herself down. Fucking guy, giving her a compliment like that, nice tits, she thought. She looked down at them. Yeah, they were nice, but sometimes she couldn’t help herself. Then from behind she heard a male voice say, “Yeah they’re nice.”   Fuck, here we go again, Daltrey thought as a man in his fifties sat down a little too close next to her. He said, “Yeah they’re lovely, I bet they feel great.”   Fuck off, Daltrey thought as she looked up and over at the man with the sport coat and shirt and tie. She said, “Go see the guy over there, his are bigger—the two of you will probably get along.”   “Oh?” The man said looking surprised at the response from this woman in lingerie when usually they’d have been all over him for a lap dance upstairs. He then said, “You’re new?”   Daltrey asked, “Did I ask you to sit here?”  She hadn’t.   “No, I was just trying to be sociable.”   “Oh, so your tits are lovely, I bet they feel great, is a normal social interaction, is it? Go to the supermarket and say that at the till and see how far you get purchasing your frozen fucking dinner.”   Without waiting for an answer Daltrey half stood, shifting her weight to the side quickly, and wacked the man out of the way with her ass. She carried on walking around the club, her nice tits in her lace bra jiggling as she went. Who’s next? she thought as guys caught her eye. Turning his head as he saw her out of the corner of his eye, a man sitting on G-row along the stage looked away from the girl bending down with her ass out in front of him and said, “Hey?” as Daltrey came along next to him.   “Fuck off.”  Then said it again as she heard another guy call out, “Hey Baby,” unseen from one of the small booths to the side.    This was becoming fun, Daltrey thought as she carried on, passing the fat guy who’d started the trouble as she did. Who’s next? she thought as she sat down at a spare seat at the end of the stage as a man with a cowboy hat left for the washroom. Looking up she caught the eye of a passing waitress in a short skirt and asked for a beer.   She looked at the stage, the girl up there smiling at her as she twirled around. The girl had nice legs—and ‘tits’ for that matter. Her hair cut short in a bob. How the hell does she get her legs that smooth? Daltrey thought as she stared up at her and wondered what it would be like to be up there twirling on the stage, spinning around in a pair of tiny knickers that were about to come off. Fair play to her, she thought as she smiled back. The girl still smiling as she walked away, ignoring the lewd comments as she moved about the stage, when Daltrey knew herself that if she was up there and someone had said, ‘get ya clam out’ it would only have ended in a fight.   Daltrey’s beer came at the same time as the drunk in a cowboy hat came back to his seat at the end of the stage and, using his silence, asked for it back as he waited.   Go find another horse to ride cowboy, Daltrey thought but instead said, “Oh sorry were you sitting here?”   He smiled, he was.   The guy standing there expecting the girl sitting in his seat in all her glory to show some manners and get up whilst a naked lady watched from above. He heard Daltrey say, “Well, go tell someone who gives a shit.”  Daltrey looked back at the stage and then found Suzy who had only just stood and was leading the man she’d been talking to towards the stairs. Daltrey looked back at the Cowboy who she now noticed had a mullet as she heard him say, “Maybe then you would be kind enough to join me, perhaps on one of those chairs they have upstairs instead?”   Daltrey looked away to the girl on the stage, then back to him. This Cowboy standing there smiling, the man had a kind manner, she couldn’t deny that, he had asked nicely, he was polite, not sexually predatory in anyway and he was requesting if she would be kind enough to join him, as he’d put it, upstairs, so she could provide the service she was there to do and he was happy to pay her legally to do. So Daltrey said, “It’s half price if you go on your own. So why don’t you just do that? And when you’re done, use the money you saved and go get a proper haircut.”   It was going to be a long night. ************  Two hours later, no one dared go near her, not even the doormen, who after the third complaint had come over to ask her to settle down with the attitude. Daltrey sat there at the edge of the bar, still half naked in her high heels and on her fourth beer. The girl with her hair cut in a bob was back up on the stage and they’d been making eye contact again. She’d give her a lap dance, she thought as she watched the girl strut about the stage in her white shoes. Fucking Chendrill, getting her to come here like this.  She looked around for Suzy. The last time she’d seen her she was popping upstairs to make another $50, but now she was surprisingly back down earlier than she usually was. Then suddenly Suzy turned, caught her eye and held her stare as she crossed the club smiling till she reached Daltrey and sat down next to her in the one place no man would dare to go.    Suzy said, “How about that, two semi-naked women together at a bar and not one gentleman in the vicinity.”  Daltrey smiled, the door was open. She said, “Yeah how about that?”  Suzy looked at the barman and asked for an ice water. Then looking at Daltrey asked, “You want another beer?”  “Sure.”   “I don’t drink, not through choice though, but when I did I kept it to vodka when I was here so these types couldn’t smell it on me.” Then she held out her hand and said, “Suzy.”  Daltrey shook her hand and smiled and said, “Belle.”  Keeping a hold of Daltrey’s hand, Suzy looked at her and said, “Belle?”  Apologizing with a smile, Daltrey said, “Maggie.”   Suzy let go and took the water and handed Daltrey’s beer over to her. She said, “You’re creating quite the scene here. You got the manager in a tizz.”  “He sent you over to calm me down?”   Suzy laughed and shook her head. Then said, “No—I love it, I couldn’t give a shit what he thinks.”   Neither could Daltrey. She said, “If he’s unhappy and all stressed because of me he can go suck his own dick and take Monday off.”  Suzy laughed; she liked this girl with the lovely figure and wig who shouldn’t be here. She replied, “He’s already been on to you as well has he?”   Daltrey smiled. Then heard Suzy say, “Well for the record, I work Mondays, and if I ever don’t, then I can guarantee the only dick I’ve been sucking is my man’s.”   Which was who—your loser husband’s or your loser boyfriend who lives off drug addicts? Daltrey thought as she looked at the woman’s legs, which were longer than hers. Then Suzy said, “As sleazy as the man is, it seems to work for him as there’s a few here that just get the primo shifts.”   Good for them, Daltrey thought as she looked around wondering which of the girls working the room liked to sleep in after the weekend. She said, “Your guy, he comes here does he?”  “Seems to.”   “Lucky you.”   Suzy asked, “What about you? I see you like Shannon? She’s hypnotic though.”   “Oh, yeah well, yes, she has something about her definitely,” said Daltrey, suddenly feeling even more naked and transparent than ever and wondering if the beers were making her that obvious.  Suzy said, “Don’t worry, it’s normal round here—you can get sick of men. And for your info, I’ve never seen Shannon work a Monday… Or a Tuesday for that matter. But don’t be making assumptions; I think it’s because she gets her kid those days, so you know?”   Daltrey wouldn’t be making assumptions. In fact, she wouldn’t be making anything at the moment, especially a trip back here on Monday morning. Then she heard Suzy say, trying to be kind, “If you’re nervous about going upstairs with one of these guys, then you can do one together with me if you want so you can get used to it.”   How kind of you. Now put your tits away, she thought but instead said, “Thanks, that’s really nice. I’ll stay here though. Unless I see someone special—you know.”   Then through the crowd she saw Williams coming in the door, all dressed up in a nice white shirt and shoes. Looking at what Daltrey was watching, Suzy spotted him too in the crowd, the lights from the stage making him stand out even more. Suzy said, “Cop.”   Daltrey turned to her and smiled, “Really?”  “One hundred percent.”  Daltrey looked back to Williams as he wandered around looking through the crowd. She said, “Why do you say that?”   Suzy looked back to her and said, “We never miss them, they’re easy to spot.”   Well you’re sitting next to one, Daltrey thought, as she watched Williams look around some more then spot her sitting there at the bar. Making one more quick tour of the stage he came up the short steps and squeezed his way through a small huddle of people and sat himself down next to Daltrey and ordered a beer.   Looking at him, Daltrey said, “I thought you guys hung out in Starbucks.”  Williams turned to her and said, “Sorry?”   Daltrey watched as Williams looked at her, the guy staring her in the eye then eyeing up her stockinged legs and naked stomach as he heard her carry on saying, “What’re you ordering, a hot latte?”  Williams looked up. What the fuck, he thought, what was she doing?  He said, ‘I’m sorry, I don’t understand.’  Daltrey said, “What are you doing in here? You look like a kid, how old are you, 16?”  Williams said, “I’m 24 actually.”  “Really, you a cop?”   Williams stared at her, not knowing what to say. Then Suzy leaned over and holding out her hand with a smile, said, “Hi, my name’s Lucy. It’s ok we like cops too, please excuse my friend.”  Daltrey then said, “Would you like a lap dance?”  Williams looked Daltrey in the eye and smiled, this was great, Daltrey playing the part of the hard ass, but why she’d outed him as a cop he didn’t know. What he’d do is ask her when he got her upstairs and they were alone, maybe he’d whisper it in her ear while she was riding that nice ass of hers on his dick. It was going to be a tough one this one, he thought as he looked at her legs and those lovely breasts she had. He’d need to summon every bit of control he had of his body to not allow the perfectly normal male reaction to occur down in his loins. Be professional, he told himself, go through the motions—pretend you’re enjoying it, but no hard on—no hard on. He said, “I’d love one thank you.”   “Great, Lucy can give you one, and watch out because if you blow your load, it’s double.”   And with that, before Williams could say another word, Suzy was off her stool and clonking in her big high heels as she led him breasts first by the hand towards the stairway to heaven.  Daltrey watched him go and smiled. Yes, she was feeling better and it was great to be a bitch. *************  Charles Chuck Chendrill made it to Dan’s mother’s home and let himself in. He found Tricia sitting in the kitchen looking at high-end properties for sale on her computer. Standing, she held him and kissed him, rubbed her hands through his hair and said, “I’ve been looking—these realtors want a fortune if I buy a house then sell it.”  Chendrill let his woman go and looked at the old mansion house on the screen. The asking price boldly stating, ‘Offers in the range of fifty-five million dollars.’    Chendrill said, “What about Dan—is there room in the basement for him.”  Sitting back down again, Tricia said, “Dan’s going to live in that penthouse, Chuck. Besides I’m just looking—I can buy this place, but I’d be in debt with the property taxes.”  Chendrill leaned in and looked again, the place was nice with a huge stone deck, pool, and a huge garden with steps which went down to the ocean. It was crazy that he could buy it tomorrow and still have millions in the bank. He said, “I think Sebastian said he was picking up the taxes.”   Tricia looked at him; she must have missed that bit. Still too upset and in shock to take in what she’d been given even though she’d only met the man a handful of times. She said, “I can’t believe this is happening, Chuck.”  Neither could Chendrill—the whole thing seeming surreal. As he closed the lid on Tricia’s computer, he said, “Truth is, I miss the guy. I genuinely mean that, I can’t believe he’s gone.”    “It was his choice, Chuck.”  It was, Chendrill knew that, the man had calculated everything he did all based on how long the dog had left. All for the sake of a promise made to a man who he loved but was probably about to run away with the loan shark’s brother until they’d played with the wrong gear stick and crashed the car. Fucking crazy, Chendrill thought, then said just that.   “What is Chuck?”   Lying, Chendrill said, “The fact we’re both rich.”   “You are, I’m not.”  “But you will be soon.” Then taking himself by surprise he said, “This house, this big old monster home with class, why don’t you have Patrick make a lowball offer and see if you get it. Tell them it’s cash and it’s tomorrow. Tell him he’ll have to sell it for free when you do decide to sell and you’ll only sell it when he’s found a buyer he brings to the table so as there’s no one else wanting their usual cut.”  Tricia looked at him, then said, “Why would he agree to that? Come on.”  “Because he’ll still get the fee when you buy it and if he does, tell him I’ll fund his movie for him.”  Tricia stared at him. “Really?” she said.  Chendrill, shrugged, and said, “Why not? I’ll get my money back eventually.”   “You hope.”  Chendrill shrugged again. What did it matter? He thought, the interest on the 100 million would cover it, and it would be a tax write off for Samuel since he was handling all that from now on. There were tax credits as well, Chendrill knowing all about those savings from just hanging around the office and ‘not listening’ for the last few weeks. Adalia would be back, but the other idiot could fuck off, he thought. He said, “Yeah why not, it’ll give me something to do instead of looking after Dan. Then maybe we can both live in that big house for a bit and see what happens?”  Tricia sat there for a moment, unsure if she’d heard him properly. How long had they been together now, she wondered? She stood again and then walked around the table, put her arms around his neck, and whispered in his ear, “Chuck, did I just hear what I thought I heard?”  Chendrill didn’t answer. Instead, he stood and picked her up and took her to the bedroom, then laid her down on the bed. Climbing above her, he leaned down with his arms trapping her on either side of her body. He said, “You don’t think I’d let you get away with having the place to yourself, do you? Besides what would you do, that big house might have ghosts.”    “It probably has… You never know. It could be fun, we could make love in there and they’d be watching… Have you ever made love to a ghost, Chuck?”  “Yes.”  Tricia looked up at him for a moment, then said, “Really, you’ve made love to a ghost?”   “Yeah.”  “Really? You made love to a ghost—how?”  “I’m sorry, no,” Chendrill said back, “I thought you said a goat.”**************  Daltrey was still sitting at the bar when Williams appeared at the bottom of the stairs looking all sweaty, with his hair ruffled and his shirt hanging out. He looked over to Daltrey who simply turned away. There’d been two other men who’d she’d told to fuck off after they’d come over and tried to sweet talk her during the four to five minutes it had taken Williams to get up the stairs, get ravaged by an older woman, come in his pants, and get back down again.   The girl on the stage was almost done, and for the whole time Daltrey had been sitting there alone, the lady with the silky legs and bob cut had been looking her in the eye. The lady staring as she stripped completely naked and moved seductively across the stage floor until she was on her back with her legs apart giving the front row losers a glimpse of something they’d never get to taste. Then, still looking at Daltrey, she’d gotten dressed. Slowly pulling up her knickers as she bent down, she slipped on a small negligee she’d picked up at Victoria Secret, which hung perfect on her naked breasts and stopped at the top of her slender thighs. Then looking like a goddess, she made her way through the club, passing Williams, no longer interested and on his way out, and over to Daltrey at the bar. Reaching her, she sat down and said, “Did you enjoy the show? The last bit was for you.”  They both dressed together in the small shitty changing room where the girls who didn’t like Mondays sucked off a sweaty fat fuck and caught a cab back to her place in Yaletown. Shannon sitting quiet as they went, gently touching Daltrey’s knee as she looked at her. Her nails natural and perfect. Daltrey smelling the girl’s perfume as her heart pounded, getting wetter down below as the cab grew nearer to the Roundhouse Building where the woman had told the cab driver she lived.     They still hadn’t spoken when she took her gently by the hand and led her to her room with its trinkets and pillow topped bed. Shannon closed the door and moved closer, taking Daltrey by the neck, gently pulling her towards her. Their lips met softly, for a moment. Daltrey stopped breathing as she tasted the woman’s lipstick and felt her tongue enter her own mouth as she closed her eyes.    The woman who’d been sleek and seductive on the stage, moving with elegance and grace as men stared in awe, was kissing her now, feeling her, touching her, undressing her as the woman undressed herself. Then when they were totally naked, still kissing her, the woman took her to her bed and laid her down upon the feather comforter.   Then she kissed her some more as their hands stroked each other’s skin, feeling each other’s breasts and the softness of their stomachs. The woman reached further down stretching her arm as she did, gasping slightly as she felt Daltrey’s wetness. Slowly she moved her fingers up and down as Daltrey let her breath go as she felt the woman’s fingers gently stroke her and feel the inside of her pussy.   Shifting her weight, the woman dropped down the bed, softly pulling Daltrey’s legs apart as she did. Stroking the tender soft inner skin of her thighs she waited for a moment, savouring what she was about to do, then, with a sly look to Daltrey she smiled and leaned her head down and stroked her tongue up and along Daltrey’s warm moistness.   Daltrey lay there feeling the tenderness of her mouth as the woman beneath moved her fingers deeper and deeper inside her, pulling them in and out as she twirled her clitoris gently around and around with her lips and tongue.   Oh my God it was nice, Daltrey thought as she grasped the duvet and felt her insides begin to tighten. This woman, this sexy, sexy woman, caressing her with her softness after she’d gotten herself all horny walking about half naked and being a bitch as men lusted after her. The last woman who’d been doing the same to her, in comparison, had felt like she’d missed lunch and worked as a pipe fitter on an oil rig, which is what she’d have liked to have done for a living if she’d had a dick. But this woman, wow, her softness, her beauty, the femininity of her sensual touch.   “Oh my God, oh my God,” Daltrey called out as she felt her body suddenly start to go into orgasm. And then it happened, and Daltrey’s body began to shudder uncontrollably as she came harder and longer than she ever had with anybody else in her strange and convoluted sexual life.   Shannon sat up on the bed and wiped her mouth with her hand, smiling. Thinking, wow that was good. She liked to make beautiful women come, it was her thing. It had been now for some time—ever since she’d discovered she didn’t like the white creamy stuff hitting her tits or chin. Beautiful women were it, and if she could find a straight one who was a little bit curious, then all the better. And she did find them everywhere. In hotels or expensive shopping arcades where she’d prowl, eyeing women from afar, then moving in she’d catch their eye and stare deep into them in a way she knew only a woman could understand. Little needed to be said, for words were unnecessary when desire took over. And once she had them in her spell, she would take them back to her place as she had with Daltrey, where she’d undress them, feel them, and eat them until they came. And after she’d scissor them, grinding herself onto them until she’d come herself—as she was about to do with this one who had turned up at the club where she liked to gain easy money to pay the rent. This one who was there unexpectedly—especially sexy not only in her body or bitchy manner, but also because she was a cop.  **************  Suzy sat in the corner of the bar and told the loan shark how there’d been cops in and out of the place all day. One of them had been trying to pass herself off as a lap dancer but had turned away almost a grand in money she could have earned from losers like her boyfriend.  This wasn’t good, thought Mattia, what the fuck was it all about? Yeah, the place was loaded with undesirables such as drug dealers and gangsters and others who delved in certain levels of crime, but he was the only one out of all of them who’d kicked someone to death a block away after coming straight out of the place. He said, “Well it’s got fuck all to do with me.”  Suzy smiled, that was good to hear. It would be all she needed right now for him to be in trouble somehow and to have to disappear from her life again after all this time. She said, “Yeah, they do that sometimes, you know, come here and check it out, usually after some church going do-gooder has been in and gone home racked with guilt because he’s had a decent pair of tits in his face for the first time in his life.”  The loan shark, said, “Like yours?”  “Who knows, maybe?” Suzy said as she looked at the stage and wondered if she’d ever be back up there. Probably not—well not here anyway. Then she heard her man ask, “So, this chick who was here, hanging about, the cop. What was she asking about?”  Suzy shook her head and looked about the room. Two young guys had just come in and were looking about the place with their mouths open. She’d give them a chance to get drunk and horny looking at the stage and the other girls walking about and then she’d take them both for at least a hundred whether they liked it or not. After all, the excuse ‘I’ve got no cash’ carries little weight when there’s a cash machine on the wall and your sexual preference and manhood are being questioned. She said, “She didn’t ask anything; just told everyone they were losers and to fuck off. Oh, except the guy who runs the place. She said, he asked her to suck his dick.”   “Oh,” said the Italian, as he looked at the stage as though that was normal. Then he asked, “So where’d she go then, she still here?”   Suzy turned back to her man, whom she’d told Daltrey she liked to suck off, and said, “She left with the headline girl Shannon, she was done for a bit and she took her home with her.”   “Really?” said the Italian, looking away from the stage and back at his girl, now intrigued. He carried on saying, “What she took her home to, you know, fuck her?”   Suzy raised her eyebrows as though it was the stupidest thing she’d ever heard. What else? she thought, she needs help cleaning the bathroom? But instead, she said, “Yeah she does that.”   “Oh?” Then the Italian said, “She ever took you back?”  She hadn’t, and hadn’t even tried, for as sexy as Suzy was, it was really beautiful sensual women Shannon liked—even ones with an attitude wearing a wig.   Not answering, Suzy let that one hang—knowing guys the way she did and the way they’d get all horny at the thought of her with another girl. Unless it was her husband, of course, who only got turned on watching other guys pound her in the ass, and that wouldn’t ever be happening again.   Ten minutes later, the Italian was in an alley across the road waiting for the pair of them to come back. Except when the taxi arrived bringing Shannon back for her finale of the night, Daltrey wasn’t with her.   Quickly he crossed the road and stopped Shannon at the rear entrance, grabbing her by surprise and twisting her arm up around her back. He pinned her to the pebble dashed wall and said, “Move or look around and I’ll break it. Make a noise, I’ll break it. Answer my question and I won’t—simple.”   Shannon got it, apart from a racing heart at the moment, she was still intact. There was a can of mace in her pocket, but reaching it would mean breaking this guy’s rule number one. So, hearing the question was the best option. Trying to sound cool and as though it was normal to be assaulted in the carpark at the rear of a strip club, she said, “Try me, you never know?”  “The cop you just took home and fucked. Where did you drop her off?”  She said, “I didn’t, she went her own way.”  “Who is she, what’s her name?”  “I don’t know, I didn’t ask.”  And she hadn’t asked, but she had checked her purse straight after she’d wiped her mouth and leaned down again, kissing Daltrey’s pubic mound before climbing up and riding her pussy on it for awhile before she’d brought out her little double ended friend and stuffed it slowly into Daltrey’s vagina—then slipped it into herself and played scissors, fucking her hard until they both came.  She said, “She’s hot, she’s small, and she’s wearing a wig because she’s got a burn on her head. Ask around about it. I’m sure your connections go further than beating up women.”  That hurt, the Italian thought. It wasn’t the norm for him to be doing this, but she wasn’t wrong. He said, “So far no one’s been beaten. When is she coming back?”   “She won’t, she knows I know she’s a cop, she caught me checking her out.”  Fuck, the Italian thought. But at least he had something to go on. He twisted the girl with the nice legs who did not like men towards the rear door, keeping her face away from his and said, “Slowly open the door, step inside, and don’t look back.”   Reaching out, Shannon did just that, twisting the door handle gently so she wouldn’t break a nail. She opened it slowly and as she stepped inside, she felt the Italian’s vice-like grip on her wrist give and let go. The door closed behind her and without looking back, she stormed through the crowd and stopped herself right in front of Suzy who was sitting there on a bench by the stage in between the young men who had entered earlier. Looking up at her with her big titties bursting out of her bra, Suzy heard the woman scream, “Your boyfriend’s a fucking asshole.”   These girls who worked the strip clubs for a living were tough women. **************  Daltrey watched the Italian as he walked back across the carpark and opened the door of his car. Well, that certainly had been a different way to have found who she was looking for, she thought. The stripper with the legs having given her one of the best fucks she’d ever had and then the whole magic had been ruined after Daltrey found the woman with her hand in her purse after coming out the bathroom with a jar of leg cream.   And that had been that, relationship over. But what should she expect, after all, look at where they’d met, she’d thought as she’d taken a cab back to the club, so she could now wait outside in her Audi.   Fuck that was stupid, she thought again for what must have been the hundredth time. She pulled away and followed the Italian east along Pender Street. Oh well, it was done—chalk it up as a mistake, she told herself, trying to shake off her own feeling of stupidity as she carried on, three cars behind. The guy who was having an affair with a stripper with big breasts was moving slowly through the traffic now on Hastings Street, driving a shitty white Civic, cruising it from one end to the other and then back again. Daltrey doing the same, but way back now as she watched. Picking up her phone, she called Chendrill.   He answered and from what she could tell she wasn’t the only one who’d been getting laid that evening. She said, “Chuck, I’m following your guy; he’s cruising Hastings.”   Chendrill saying straight back, “Yeah? He’s looking for people, he lends money.”   Daltrey watched him as she talked.   Chendrill said, “Did you meet Suzy?”   “Yeah, she’s sweet.”   “I know.”   Then Daltrey said, “You’re rich, you should give this shit up.”   Chendrill laughed, “I think we both know the answer to that one.”   Daltrey smiled. He was right, she did know.  “The dealers know him, you can see that. The way they are looking at him after he’s driven by.”   “If you get the chance, see if he’s wearing a new pair of cowboy boots. And if so, can you get me a photo.”  It was a strange request.   “Okay?”   Then Chendrill said, “Williams called, he’s all upset, said you exposed him as a cop and gave him a knock back on a lap dance.”  “Tell him that I knew he had a thing for older women—anyway, I thought Suzy was a better option for him. She could wipe some of that bum fluff off his chops with those big titties.” Then she said, “Chuck, I don’t think it’ll be a good thing if I go back into that place.”   The phone went quiet for a moment as Daltrey drove and there were two reasons that she could think of. The first being that Chendrill was feeling guilty for asking her to go in there and abuse herself like that and the second was that he thought she couldn’t handle it.   She was right on both counts. But she’d missed a third, and that was that he was still smiling at what Daltrey had just said, about the young police officer who wanted so much to be a man. And also that soon he was going to take her down to LA and have her burns looked at by the best cosmetic surgeon money could buy.  He sat there on the edge of the bed still naked and listened to Tricia in the bathroom sounding like a race horse as she took a pee. Normally it would have been Sebastian who called and disturbed them when they were making love and for a split second when the phone had rung during the throws of passion, he’d forgotten himself and thought it was. But no, it was Daltrey, the young conscientious detective who’d just nearly been killed in the line of duty, and who was now out there working, doing his job for him on the people’s coin while he was in bed all evening getting laid. He said, “You do good work, Daltrey.”  Daltrey scoffed, yeah right! She said, “What do you want me to do?”  “You got his licence plate?” Daltrey stayed quiet, then said, “1 – 0 – 1.”   Enough said, Chendrill carried on, “Go home—remember, you don’t work for me; you’re just doing me a favour.”   He heard Daltrey say straight back, “What’s the deal with the guy’s boots?”     It was a good question and one that needed looking into, even if now he never needed to lift a finger for the rest of his life. He’d heard the guy who’d been kicked to death in an alley was an ex-drug addict. The Italian had been in the vicinity at the same time, Chendrill knew that only too well because he’d stuffed a cheque for $250,000 in the man’s mouth a few blocks to the east less than an hour before and if the Italian had been wearing the size tens that delivered the damage, he’d have tossed them the first chance he had and maybe bought a new pair.    Chendrill said, “You know what I’m like.”  Daltrey did, and also knew that when he had a feeling then there was a chance he was on to something. He had her following him, but if he felt the man was really dangerous, he’d be doing it himself. So, it was a hunch. Nonetheless, from what she’d seen so far, the guy was a prick and things could get nasty, and they were about to. **************  The Italian carried on along Hastings Street, wading with his eyes through the junkies and dealers, the alcoholics who could not stop, and the poor souls caught in between. There were two things he needed to do now. One—call the car guy he knew and see how he was doing, he thought as he cruised around the filth which he, in his own way, helped to keep alive. And two, find the guy who owed him block payments from last month and had no interest in getting back up to speed with things.   He hit Main Street for the fourth time and carried along south towards Terminal Avenue, slowing at the SkyTrain station to look at the lost sitting in the doorways and begging for money with their signs at the centre of the road. Then he took a left and another quick sharp one and did the same outside the Central Train Station, where some lucky ones who’d gotten themselves clean would enter and head back east to where they were from to either start afresh or do it all over again.  He wasn’t there either, this guy who had once been a good customer but now didn’t pay. Then as he headed back towards Hastings Street, he eventually saw him settling into a doorway amongst a few others with nowhere to go. The guy sitting, leaning back now smoking on the street and about to jack up with a hit of heroin he’d just scored not a block from the police station. Sticking the needle he kept just for himself into a vein under his knee, the guy’s eyes rolling back into his head as all the troubles in his world melted away and everything became beautiful.   Twenty minutes later, life was shit again.   With one trouser leg still above his knee, he got up and staggered through the streets, bumping into things he had not seen but should have. Crossing roads without a care, arms flailing, shouting at nothing, then he saw him, the Italian, sitting in his car the way he always did—the guy who he owed money to but always gave him more until he could fix things, as he always did.   How long now had it been that he’d gone without paying him what he owed? A week? Yeah it was a week. Fuck he should pay now and get it sorted.   The Italian sat there in the dark, smiling at him, gesturing for him to come over. He reached the passenger window at the side of the car and held himself up with his dirty hands as he watched the electric window drop, the Italian saying, “Hey buds, what’s up?”   The junkie standing there with his hair in his face which was full of scabs.   “Hey!” the Italian getting straight to it saying, “you got my money?”   He did yeah, he had it, had some from his welfare payment and from his sister’s he’d been stealing. He reached into his pocket and pulled out nothing. Looking back up at the Italian he said, “Yeah I got it but it’s not here. I must have left it back at my place.”   His place. A shitty hotel room that cost $400 a month, full of bed bugs and lice. A junkie who left his money at home? It never happened and the Italian knew it, he’d heard it a hundred times, he said, “Get in. I’m going to pick up some cash. You can have some more till you get yourself sorted.”  They drove east heading out of the East Side with the windows open because of the smell, the Italian asking, “How old are you now?”   The junkie couldn’t recall. He remembered his 26th birthday when his mother and father had come over and were so happy he had a new girlfriend and had straightened himself out after all this time of them worrying about his drug use.   Yeah, he was 27. He said, “Twenty-seven.”   But he wasn’t, he was thirty-four.   The Italian said, “So, tell me why you have decided not to pay?”  The junkie shifted on the seat as he watched the cars pass by, leaving streaks engraved in his eyes. He said, “I’ve been looking for my sister and I can’t get a job, you know. But I got one lined up, there’s this guy I know, real cool guy he’s got work for me, then soon as I’m paid, it’s yours and we’re good.”   The Italian saying as he drove and gestured to the parked cars and houses on the streets that ran away north and south from Hastings, “You see them cars? You see them houses? Well they’re full of cash and you say you cannot get any for me, but you can get money for that shit you just put into your leg?”  The Junkie looked at the houses—yeah, he would do that, break into cars, no problem. It wouldn’t be the first time. He said, “Sure.”   The Italian laughed, then said, “Hey, I’m just joking. What good to me are you if you are in prison?” But this guy was close enough to that as it was and a lost cause.   Then he heard the junkie say, “You seen my sister? I been looking for her; she was here then she was gone.”  Not giving a shit, the Italian shook his head as he drove, “Yeah you said.” Girls from that area disappeared around there all the time, but not as much as they had a few years back when that Pickton guy had been feeding them to the pigs. He remembered her though, this sister, remembered her looking good for a while as she’d stood there with her brother as they’d both bought blocks. Her in her tight jeans and boots. The pair of them living in the same shithole room at an excuse for a hotel on Hastings. He said, “She working?”  The junkie got it, he understood what the man was saying—‘she working?’ meant was she selling her ass as they did when they needed a fix.   “No, she didn’t do that?”   “You check?”  And sadly, he had, as he’d wandered along the side roads and alleys where the girls hung night and day, rain or shine in short tight dresses and smudged lipstick as they waited for a passing car to stop so as they could do their thing, then go get their next fix.   “Yeah, she’s not there, I asked. But she wouldn’t either, you know?”  Don’t count on it, the Italian thought. How many girls who’d been customers of his had he lost over the years when they’d started using what God had given them to get the cash they needed to buy crack—instead of going through him.     “Have you seen her?” the junkie asked again.   He hadn’t, but he didn’t bother letting the guy know either way—there was little point.   They reached the bridge and crossed over it heading north, then took a right straight after onto the slipway and headed east into the darkness. Passing through the Indian Reserve where the Italian had never ventured to ply his trade because he knew they’d kill him. Five minutes later he was at his place, parking up in the darkness of his long driveway. He got out and took a deep breath and listened to the night. It was silent. The house on its own next to the huge trees of Cates Park—the inlet to the east at the end of the home’s long garden, and only silence as always from the neighbour’s house on the other side.  He walked around the car, hearing his feet crunch on the gravel as he did. He opened the door for the junkie and said, “Come on, let’s do some shit.” Then led him into the garage and stood in the darkness. He asked, “How much you owe me?”   The junkie not knowing what day of the week it was, let alone his balance, he said, “Yeah I got it for you. My sister’s cheque will be in Wednesday; you can have that.” Then in his best effort not to get his clothes dirty, the Italian grabbed by the throat with both hands the man who thought he was still in his twenties and had been stealing his sister’s welfare money and, holding him out at arm’s length, held him there until the man went limp.   Slowly he dropped the man down onto a sheet of black plastic he’d laid out across the floor for special occasions. Then standing again, he stood silent, listening to the night.   Five minutes later, he moved again, picking up a bag of quicklime powder and poured it over the body of the man lying there in his shoes with no socks. Grabbing each corner of the plastic sheet, he pulled the string to release the garage door and watched as it swung up above his head, exposing him to the night.   With his left hand, he dragged the man’s body out into the driveway and up onto the grass in the back garden. The plastic moving easily now on the grass made damp by the misty night air. He reached the bottom by the trees close to the inlet and stopped. Bending down he found the catch and pulled up the trap door to the pit. Dragging the man’s body over, he positioned it at the edge and, letting go of two of the corners, lifted the plastic, dropping the man’s body in.   He closed the hatch, locked it, and stood again listening to the silence. There was nothing, except for the movement of the trees, the lapping of the water close by, and the thumping of his heart. He was getting soft, he thought as he walked away dragging the now empty plastic behind him. Letting the kid off like that and not giving him a beating first. Where were the days when the kid would have been still alive wrapped in that plastic and felt his wrath via a baseball bat or anything else that was blunt so as not to get that AIDS shit flying all around the place. It was because he was in love now, he thought. He’d managed to get back with Suzy, and he was in love. Yeah that was what it was. Suzy was making him weak with her nice ways and her lovely smell.   He reached the back of the house and opened the top of a steel drum, placed the plastic into it, picked up a can of fuel at the side and lit it, sending a small ball of flame into the night as the plastic quickly burned away. ***************  Daltrey’s heart pounded as she watched from the edge of the park. She’d climbed through the darkness on the rocks next to the water at the bottom of the garden just in time to see the Italian drop something large into what must be a sceptic tank. She’d passed him on the road as he’d turned without signaling into the driveway of the house. Then turning off her lights, she’d doubled back, entered the park, and in the dim light of the moon found her way through the winding tree-lined lane to the carpark down at the water’s edge. The guy was now lighting up a barbecue at the back of the house. The other man who’d come with him would be somewhere around also. But where? If he was, she’d hear them talking. Maybe he was asleep in the car or he’d gone inside and was sleeping somewhere else? she thought. Daltrey was right on that one. Except as far as the Italian was concerned, there was to be no wake-up call.   It hadn’t been good. Not long back she’d have followed this guy in the darkness without her heart missing a beat—but now, no. She wasn’t right and she knew it. The Russian really had fucked her up and even more so now since she’d spent the evening cruising the streets of Main and Hastings Street. The girl who’d given her life for hers only a few weeks back had come from there, had lived there. No doubt on a drug-induced death sentence herself. But the girl had died saving her life and Daltrey still didn’t even know her name.   And shame on her for not trying harder, she thought as she stood there watching from the safety of the trees. She’d looked around and asked questions yeah, but in her eyes, she’d done so with her head up her ass. She was only human after all, and not as tough as she or anyone else believed.    Daltrey watched as the man who was in love with a stripper and had lost his edge because of it stood there putting fuel onto a fire, doing his best to keep the flames going. Then, kicking the bottom of the barrel, he sent a shower of sparks high up into the cool night air. With one last check, he walked to his car, got in, and disappeared out the driveway and headed back towards the city.   Yeah go on, get back to the girl of your dreams. Maybe you can lick the dribble left on her from all the guys who she's let feel and lick her tits, Daltrey thought as she moved slowly away from the safety of the trees. She moved through the damp grass, feeling her stockinged feet slide in her boots she’d slipped on as she’d watched the Italian from the safety of her car. They felt good now after an evening of wearing heels. She reached the back of the house and crept around front, then circled the place until she was back where she’d started. No one was there, not a sign, no light. No window opened to let in the night air. She looked at the road and then to her watch; it was past midnight. Fuck she'd been busy—she’d had fun at the club, then had more fun with the girl with the silky legs. Wow, she thought, still feeling it down there. It was a rarity anyone male or female had made her come like that, even if the woman had been a snooping bitch.  She moved around towards the back. Then with the help from the light on her mobile phone, she picked up the track of the man’s body from where the Italian loan shark had dragged it through the grass and followed it until it stopped. Daltrey looked towards the trees and then down to her feet. It was pretty much the same area she'd seen the guy dump something into. Probably a septic tank or a compost pit, she thought, the guy giving the earth back all the shit he couldn't eat. But with them, mostly, there was a cover of sort and a handle.   She dropped down to her knees and felt the wet grass move quickly through her stockings and moved her fingers through the grass until she found a seam. Slowly she traced it around in a complete square until she felt a latch.   Daltrey moved away, looked back at the house, and then back to the latch. The small semi-circle handle was locked down with a fairly substantial padlock. Fuck. A few weeks ago, she'd have been through it with a breeze thanks to the locksmith she'd played to get a set of master keys. She looked back towards the house and the garage built into its side. Then she saw an axe sitting next to the chopping block. That'll do it.   Carrying it over, Daltrey stood there in her dress, wet stockings, and boots and took a well-aimed swing hard and fast at the lock, hitting it in exactly the same spot the nice-looking locksmith had told her to, should she ever feel the need to hit one because she didn’t have a key.  Throwing the axe to one side, she bent down again and pulled off the now broken lock and turned the handle 90 degrees and gave the cover a tug.   For a moment, it wouldn't give, the edges so well tapered so as to make a seal. Then, with her legs apart, she gave the handle three almighty tugs and felt the vacuum give as the lid’s seal broke away.   Then the smell of death hit her. The unmistakable, sweet-smelling, sticky stench of rotting human flesh rising up from the depths of a grave. Instantly Daltrey turned her body away, reacting on pure instinct, retching and gagging as the smell lined the inside of her nose and mouth. Covering her nose with the top of her dress, she looked inside the black pit, staring into darkness. Then she leaned down and picked up her phone, which she had placed to one side and turned on its little light, shone it down, and instantly saw the junkie who didn’t know his age looking back up at her barely alive, his face white like death itself, his eyes burned red from the quicklime the Italian had covered him with.   For a moment and from the smell, Daltrey thought the man could only be dead. Then she saw his hand move as he reacted to the light. She looked around him, spinning her faint light about as other body parts, along with hands and feet which lined the pit, came into view. Then seeing movement, Daltrey shone the light back onto the man as she saw his hand shift position again. The guy was almost dead, there was no doubt about it. She looked up again and then back at the house, then back down at the pit as she did her best to cover her nose. The pit must have been at least ten feet deep.   Fuck, she thought, what should she do? Call it in and wait, or get the guy out now? No, get him some air to breath, she thought, then call it in.   She stood, walked to the house, looked into the garage and, taking a chance that the guy in the pit was the man in the car, stepped back and kicked the door in. ***************  Chendrill sat on the edge of the bed and wondered how he was going to tell Tricia that after they had made love and settled in for the night, he was now going out again. A text had come through from a reliable source that his car was not sitting in the usual pound he'd been stealing it back from, but was now instead sitting safely for the next hour on a back road five blocks down from McGill.   It didn’t make sense though, his car was outside. Maybe it was Dan’s Ferrari they were referring to, he’d thought, as he sat there in the darkness, having read the text only seconds before. Then he’d stood and walked naked to the window and looked outside to see the Aston was gone.   The fuckers had come and taken it, this time illegally, sneaking it away while he was in the throes of passion—which seemed to be a thing these days. Now though they were keeping it away from the pound so as he wouldn't be able to steal it back. It was a trick, one they often used. When there was a rush of cars badly parked downtown and the pound was too far away for them to pull them all. So that's what they're up to now, he thought. The pricks, taking the feud to another level, using tow truck driver trick 101. He looked over to see Tricia lying on the bed with one hand propping up her head and before Chendrill could say a word she said, “Pulling the old fuck me and split routine again, are we?”   He was, there was little he could say or do to deny it. He said, “I’ll be back in a bit then maybe we can get another one in before my phone goes again.”  “You don't need to work, remember.”   He didn't and he did, it was a strange dynamic. He said, “Yeah well it's important—I'll be back soon.”   Important, like going to get your car so as you can fuck with some shithead’s brain important, he thought. His girl wasn’t wrong.  He got dressed and within a few minutes, he was sitting with the keys to his Aston in the backseat of a taxi heading towards his car which was apparently hidden five blocks south of McGill.   He reached McGill, asked the driver to turn left, and carried on until he saw the Aston sitting there on a corner amongst old beaters looking out of place. Telling the driver to drop him on the corner, Chendrill got out and watched as the cab disappeared along the road. He reached the car and looked up at the road sign which read Casper Street, then quickly over his shoulder to see the Italian coming out of the darkness as he pulled out his gun and shot him.**************  Jesus Christ answer your fucking phone Chendrill, Daltrey said as she stood with a ladder before dropping it down into the pit.   Giving up on Chendrill, she cradled her nose with one hand and began descending into the darkness of the pit. She reached the bottom and looked at the rotten limbs and skulls scattered around her, then she turned her flashlight to the only other living thing down there. Reaching down, she grabbed the man’s arm and tried to get him to stand.   “Don’t let me die in here,” he managed to whisper.  Daltrey pointed the light from her phone towards his eyes, which looked red and blistered from the lime.   “I can’t see properly,” he said.   Daltrey lifted the man to his feet and felt her own feet slip on the rotting bodies as she did.   Reaching out with one hand, she put both his hands on either side of the ladder, then said to him, “There's a ladder, start climbing.”   The man lifted his foot and began to climb up the ladder away from this netherworld. Daltrey behind him, the two of them climbing slowly, the smell of rotting flesh easing with every step as they grew nearer to the fresh air at the top of the pit’s opening.   The man reached the top and rolled himself onto his back and breathed the night air deep into his lungs. Moments later, Daltrey was standing next to him looking down as she wiped the rotting flesh away from her boots onto the grass like dog shit and began to puke again.  Finishing, Daltrey looked away from the pit and took a deep desperate breath of the nighttime air and filled her lungs, blew it out and did it again. Fuck, the smell was still there, stuck somehow to the inside of her nose like some sort of alternative anti-perfume.    She pulled out her phone and tried Chendrill again, nothing. Then she looked up to see the lights of an approaching car through the trees, coming towards the house. *************  The Italian was pissed, why, oh why can he not get a single thing right at the moment, he thought. How the fuck could he have lured that big Hawaiian shirt wearing fuckhead to a perfectly quiet area and then forget about the trannies that hung about around there at night? Jesus, he was an idiot, and why the fuck had he not just got on with it and shot the fucking weirdo right there and then, straight after he’d shot Chendrill?   It was Suzy, she was making him like this—it had to be, the loan shark Italian thought, knowing he was completely off his game just because of some random Suzy look-alike woman or whatever she was who’d come around the corner with her short skirt and blonde hair and big come-fuck-me tits. The woman mind fucking him the moment after he’d lined up and put a bullet into Chendrill.  “Fuck!” the loan shark said out loud as he pulled the car back into the drive for the second time that night. “Why the fuck did you not just shoot her as well?” he said to himself as he stopped the car at the bottom of the driveway.   Now Suzy was all angry with him. The woman he’d been in love with his whole life breaking off the relationship and hanging up the phone on him, just because he’d called her on the off chance it was her out there walking the streets late at night and selling her ass.   The woman being at the club just as she’d told him she would be and instead getting all worked up and accusing him of attacking some dyke when all he’d been doing was having a quiet chat.   Fuck, he was an idiot, he thought. But fuck, the business with the dyke stripper was done now, and truth was how many times had he heard Suzy break off their relationship in the past? Many times.   He sat there for a moment trying to think it through as he rubbed the back of his neck and looked at the gun sitting on the passenger seat. Remembering Chendrill lying there on the ground bleeding. He thought, I’ve done it now. Suzy was the least of his problems at the moment. Now he was in real trouble, even if he could pull himself out of the shit with Suzy, he’d shot a guy out in the open and left a witness, and for what? So, he could look like a big shot in front of some shithead guys who ran a tow shop? After all, what had this guy in the stupid shirts done to him? Gotten physical that’s what. Then given him a cashier’s cheque for $250,000 after, that he couldn’t cash at the moment anyway, but would as soon as he hit the Cayman’s with Suzy, but even that was on hold now.   Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! he thought as he tried to calm down and think it through. “Okay, okay,” the Italian said as he sat there in the car and looked at himself in the rear-view mirror. “That freak never saw your face.” In his mind, he’d done the right thing. Everyone hated that big fuck Chendrill so it could have been anyone waiting in line to shoot the prick. It’ll blow over, like it does. Tomorrow he’d go over to the house and tell Suzy she’s coming to live here with him, along with the kids. Fuck her weedy idiot loser husband—he could fuck off. She’s coming here and from now on there’d be no more bullshit, no more disposing of drug-addicted losers. He’d fill the pit in with dirt and in the future they could fall on their own swords. Done, that’s it. Decision made, he thought as he took a deep breath and opened the glove box and stashed the gun above it, tucking it in the hole he’d cut in the plastic at the top. Then he got out and looked into the back of the garden and saw in the darkness that the door to the pit was still open.   Jesus Christ! He was such a fucking idiot, he thought. What the fuck was going on with him today? He was sure he’d closed it and locked it. Now he’d attracted raccoons again as they were lying next to it in the grass as they liked to do. He walked to the side of the driveway and picked up the long gaffing pole with the spike and hook at the end that he’d found at a flea market and brought home so as he could do target practice on these stinking black eyed fucking overgrown rats that passed through the garden, throwing the pole at them whenever he could—just as he had when he was good at the javelin in the old days back at school.   Taking the pole and balancing it in the palm of his right hand, he stretched his arm back so the pole’s rusting metal hook and spike sat right next to his cheek, twisted his body to the side, took a few quick steps forward, and in one fast, practiced movement he launched the pole through the air in a direct line 200 feet down towards the bottom of the garden and watched it land in the center of the group of raccoon’s laying by the pit.   “Yes!” he said out loud, he’d got one for certain. The boy still had it.  Then one of the raccoons stood and dusted itself off. The Italian stared into the darkness as the shape of a small woman in a cocktail dress slowly became apparent. Shit, this wasn’t good—they must be kids, he thought. Kids out looking for a quiet place to fuck and then they’d come across the open pit in the darkness. Now he’d have to kill them all and throw them down there as well. But what about when they went missing and they brought tracking dogs in as they liked to do? Then he’d be fucked, those fucking mongrels with their big fucking ears and droopy chops would be all over the backyard like flies’ round shit. He needed to play it by ear.  He called out, “You need to be careful sneaking about in other people’s yards—you could get hurt.”   Daltrey had watched as the long spear, suddenly propelled through the air, came towards her and had moved quickly at the last second as it landed, almost sending herself back down the pit. Fuck, she was pissed. The fucker, she thought, as she looked at the spike sticking in the ground only inches from where she’d been laying. A few weeks ago, she’d run from a madman, but she certainly wasn’t going to run now. Not from this fucker. Slowly she stood and for a moment wondered if the Italian had a gun. Maybe, but if he used it then there’d be neighbors calling the cops and then the RCMP would be here and that’s all this prick needed when he’d been fertilizing the lawn with junkies.  Daltrey moved away from the pit; and grabbing the end of the pole, she gave it one hard tug and pulled it from the ground as she called back, “You need to start worrying about who you throw things at,” and then stood there waiting for him in the center of the garden.   The Italian slowly walked towards her off of the graveled drive and onto the grass, keeping his eyes fixed on the young woman standing there holding his pole in a party dress and boots. He could see her now in the moonlight—she was a looker. And wearing a dress like that, chances were high it was the same woman who’d been hanging about the club. So, he wasn’t losing it, his instincts were dead on and he had been right to almost twist that lesbian’s arm out of its socket.   He looked at the man he could now see lying on the ground looking at them both with his face all burnt. Recognizing him as the guy he’d picked up and thought he’d just strangled to death, he took a deep breath. Jesus Christ! What he needed to do, he thought, was get his fucking act together. He needed to take the pole from this fucking lesbian and knock her the fuck out. Then he’d stick the sharp end of the big toy he liked to throw around the garden into the fucking loser and throw him back down the pit. Then he’d take this bitch into the garage and give his other smaller toy a bit of action. After all, since Suzy had been out of action in that department, it had been a while. He needed to get mean again, just how he’d been in the old days before he’d gotten soft. Back then, he’d have fucked her until he was bored and then before he sent her to join that other loser in the pit, he’d have tortured her until she told him exactly what she and any other fucking cop in this city knew about him.   So, that’s what he’d do.   Then surprisingly, Daltrey came at him, lightning fast, bringing the pole up as she did in a posture that could only mean that the direction it would be heading was his head. Quickly the Italian put his arms up to block the stick as Daltrey, at the same time, let go of the pole, and in one swift move while his arms were up, she dove at his legs with her own and scissoring them at his knee, spun her weight around his body and allowing her momentum to bring him off balance, brought the man crashing helplessly to the ground.   The moment he was down and winded, Daltrey was back on him, bringing her right arm quickly around his neck and her legs on top of both of his knees. Then keeping him in the choke hold she’d picked up over a long weekend in Port Alberni, she spun the weight of her body around again, rolling the man onto his back, pinning his legs beneath his ass with hers in between.  And there she held him, feeling the man struggle, unable to move as he fought to breathe. She counted as she felt her forearm jammed deep into his windpipe.  One, two, three, four, five, six, seven and at eight he was out cold.   With three jerks of her body she released him from the limpet formation she’d formed around his body and stood. Then wasting no time, she walked over, picked up the long pole the man had nearly speared her with, and with a huge swipe swung it towards the Italian’s left leg and stuck the hook right into the man’s calf.   Tugging the pole with all her weight, she pulled once, then twice, then on the third felt the man’s unconscious bulk begin to give and slide slightly on the grass made wet by the night air. Then just as she saw the man was about to come around, she began to run holding the pole, pulling the man as she did. With all her might she twisted to one side and swung the Italian around through the wet grass in a semi-circle like an Olympic hammer thrower with hairy legs—and let go, allowing the Italian’s momentum to take him the last couple of feet, sliding him head first into the death pit of his own creation.   The girl was definitely beginning to feel better.   In a flash, Daltrey was at the edge of the pit, kicking the ladder to the side and slamming the lid down. Reaching down and breathing hard, she twisted the catch and stood on top. Pulling out her phone again, she called Chendrill.   Again, nothing.   It was time to call Ditcon.**************  As late as it was, Ditcon was still in his office, and strangely so was Stephanie, his new driver. Not that they were working. What it was, was this: word had gotten to Ditcon that Chendrill had inherited a fortune. This information had then been 100% confirmed by a lawyer he knew, who’d called another lawyer he knew, who worked for Samuel. And that’s when Ditcon had decided to get drunk—not only drunk on alcohol though, but drunk on jealousy also. And in this drunken jealous state in which he’d tried to even the odds in his mind somehow by again trying to seduce a girl half his age with a fetish for domination. A seduction that had only once again failed miserably, but this time ended with his ass sore from being whipped and yet another wet nose and aching tongue after having his ears held crazy tight until he’d hyperventilated and passed out.  Now though he’d settled down and picked up Daltrey’s phone call only because he’d just ordered a pizza and thought it had just arrived. As he put the phone to his ear, he said, “If the order’s wrong, we’re not paying.”   We? The tight prick, Stephanie thought as she listened, sitting in Ditcon’s favorite chair.   “It’s Daltrey.”   Ditcon went quiet and listened as the girl who’d just taken down a serial killer breathed hard into the phone. Daltrey carried on, not waiting for the man to speak, she said, “I’m in North Van, next to Cates Park, there’s a pit, it’s full of bodies.”   Fuck, thought Ditcon, as he listened. North Van, Cates Park—he hated driving out there when the doughnut shop wasn’t open, and it was RCMP territory, out of his jurisdiction, so he’d probably have to be nice to some spotty faced cop and work this one hard to take the glory. He said, “Cates again hey?”  Being a long way from downtown and set on the inlet next to the mountains, the park had been a favorite dumping ground over the years for people wanting to bury bodies and had seen its fair share of skeletons turn up. He said, “Who’s the perpetrator?”   Daltrey took a deep breath and looked to her feet as she heard the Italian stirring below. “Send an ambulance,” she said, “there’s a guy who’s in a bad way.” Then she carried on, “the guy who owns the pit is in the pit and I’m standing on the lid.”   Ditcon smiled, this was great—no manhunt necessary, he could take the glory, it had been hard work, yeah, but he’d got the guy in the end, he always did.   Then he heard Daltrey say, “Chendrill had me follow him, he’s dating an exotic dancer.”   Fuck, Ditcon thought, that fucking prick, playing detective again while all Ditcon had been doing was trying to fuck him up. And to boot, he was fucking that stripper with the big tits.   Taking a guess, and this time correct—for once in his life—he said, “Yes, we are well aware about Chendrill’s relationship with Suzy Diamond.” And he was, as after having stared at the woman’s breasts for an hour a few days prior, he’d looked her up online and liked what he’d found.   Daltrey said quickly back. “No not Chendrill, the guy in the pit.”  This was good, Ditcon thought, even better. Now he could bring this Suzy Diamond in and give her a one-on-one in-depth interview about this boyfriend of hers he’d just caught. Maybe he could even console her.   He said, “You next to the park?”   “On the water—to the north.”  “Be there in ten minutes.”  “Call an ambulance.”  “On it!”   But she knew he wasn’t, so Daltrey called one herself.  *************  They arrived at the same time, Ditcon in a puffed-up state of supreme glory and the first responders from the fire department who went straight to the man on the ground and instantly began to bathe his eyes. Ditcon saying as he looked at them, “What are these guys doing here?”   Daltrey, still standing on top of the lid to the pit, feeling her own skin burning from the quicklime, and feeling the bumping sensation of the Italian who was no doubt at the top of the ladder she’d thrown down there trying to push it open, answered, “You called them, I thought.”   Ditcon replied as he looked to his driver, “Where’s the killer?”   Daltrey nodded to the grass under her feet and said, “Where he deserves to be.”   Ditcon looked to the grass beneath Daltrey’s feet and then back up to her. “And there’s a pit down there full of bodies along with the guy who put them in there?”  Daltrey nodded. Raising his eyebrows and trying to hide his smile, Ditcon looked to his watch. Then to the sky to the east, the sun was a long way from coming up and that was a shame, as situations like these looked good on camera in the early morning light. He turned back looking to his young driver first, then to Daltrey, and full of pride said, “Well I got the guy in the end!” 
