Chapter Eighteen  Chendrill woke in the ward of St Paul’s hospital and for a moment wondered where the hell he was. Then it all came flooding back—the car, the street sign, Sebastian’s message from the afterlife, passed onto him via the strange lady who’d been waiting for him at the undertaker’s. A message which he’d taken no heed of until that last moment, when it had suddenly made sense. Putting him on alert. Just enough to see the Italian appearing from the shadows with the gun, giving Chendrill that split second he needed to spin himself away as the Italian raised the gun, taking the shot in the shoulder instead of the heart.   Chendrill had gone down and landed there on the sidewalk looking up, unable to move. The Italian had walked over to him. Then seeing something out of the corner of his eye, he’d moved off quickly into the night at the same moment a woman who looked like Suzy had appeared. The woman with her long blonde hair and big boobs reaching his side and looking down at him as he lay wounded on the sidewalk. Crouching down next to him in her short little skirt, Chendrill had looked at her as the hazy realization hit that it wasn’t Suzy. And as she held him and twisted her knees towards his face, the last thing Chendrill had seen before he blacked out was the woman’s testicles hanging out of either side of her tight little panties. One thing was for certain, he owed the woman—or whatever she was.  Fuck, he was an idiot, he thought as he felt the wound on his shoulder. Then he heard the doctor coming even before the man, in a hurry, took a peek around the curtain.  “Hey, are you Charles Chuck Chendrill, the guy who found the dog?” asked the doctor.  He was. He asked, “Do you have my phone?”   They did, and the first person he called was Daltrey, who said, “Where the fuck, have you been?”  Chendrill saying straight back, getting it out the way, “Be careful, Suzy’s boyfriend just shot me in the shoulder.” Then he said, “Maybe it’s time to mention this idiot to Ditcon and have him brought in.”  Then after a pause, he heard Daltrey say, “You can tell him yourself once he’s stopped vomiting.”  Chendrill sat there for a moment and listened to movement coming from Daltrey’s end. Eventually, she said, “The guy’s been throwing junkies in a pit at the bottom of his garden. He thought he was going to put me in it as well—but it went the other way. I trapped the prick in there and shut the lid. I called you, but you’d fucked up, so then I called Ditcon. Problem is that the egotistical idiot took too long to open the pit up and when he eventually did, the fucker was gone.”  And that’s how it had played out. Daltrey on top, the Italian below crawling around in the mud and slime of rotting limbs and torsos, puking as he found the ladder in the pitch black darkness of his own self-made hell and dragged himself up to stand on his now one decent leg, reaching down to feel the metal spike stuck firmly in the other—the pole now gone, snapped clean at the riveted joint.   Pulling hard, the Italian had screamed as he felt the metal spike come away from the center of his calf muscle. Then still holding it, he reached into his pocket and felt for his phone. It was still there. Thank god, he thought as he crossed his chest and kissed his hand straight after as his body unconsciously reverted back to his childhood days when he’d stood happy and smiling as an altar boy and wondered why the Catholic priest was always smiling at him in such a weird way.   He pulled out his phone, turned it on, and looked around as the light from the screen unleashed the horror of what he was smelling and had smelled so bad each time he’d opened the pit to throw in more lime or another poor soul who’d gone too far into the dark side to be able to pay back the money they’d owed.   There was mud and rock shingle all around three sides of the pit, the fourth, though, had a bottom layer of larger rocks that sealed the pit from the outside. Beyond that was a meter round pipe that ran to the rocks at the side of the inlet that he’d laid in for run off—in case, for some strange reason, the trap door closed and he couldn’t get out.   Standing on his bad leg, the Italian stuck the metal spike into a small gap in the rocks and started to dig until a minute later they were clear. Then laying down in amongst the filth, he pulled himself into the pipe on his belly and began to crawl through the slime and stench.   Three minutes later, he was batting away from his face the rats that fed on the rot. He pushed away three big rocks that he’d placed on the secluded shoreline himself and pulled himself out completely from his own handmade tomb.   Crouching, he looked at the lights around the place he once called home and then made his way down to the water, stepping in quietly, submerging himself in the dark cold water, and beginning to rub the slime from his body. Then standing again, he looked down at the wound on his leg. It was bad and still bleeding heavily. Kneeling down, he washed the rotting filth still stuck to his hands off in the water then did the same with his leg.   He moved on towards the park, keeping the water just above his wound, hoping the salt would clean it. Then he moved out, wincing with every step as he made his way back inland into the trees until he was alongside the drive. That fucking bitch in the dress was still there standing on the lid to the pit with her arms crossed. Another guy in a suit with a bald head was on the phone standing next to another woman who looked hot.   Fuck he thought, how the hell did he get himself into such a fucking mess?   He looked at the firemen treating the loser heroin addict’s eyes and then to their 4 x 4 blocking his vehicle. In the distance, sirens could be heard, more cops and an ambulance no doubt. He moved along to the front of the house and saw Ditcon’s car sitting at the curbside. Coming out of the cover of the trees, he reached the driver’s side and looked in. The keys were there—perfect. Still dripping wet, he opened the door. He slipped himself inside and sat himself back in the darkness and waited as he listened as the sirens approached. Thirty seconds later, he saw the lights and ten seconds after, the ambulance and police car arrived, deafening the neighborhood as he started Ditcon’s car and drove away through the melee. ************  Ditcon was pissed for two reasons. One, because Daltrey was a fucking idiot and should have followed police procedure, used her training and handcuffed the fucking idiot—or better still, shot the fucker. But no, she didn’t have her gun or cuffs because she’d been playing undercover slut in the strip bar for that stupid fucking dumb, fucking, fuckhead Chendrill. And two, his car was gone because his dumb-ass driver had left the keys in it. But possibly the most annoying thing about the whole shambolic episode was that his golf clubs were in the back.   “Don’t say a word about the car—to anyone. The guy’s gone and it’s not important how,” is all he said to Daltrey and Stephanie as they walked back into the driveway.   Then he said to Daltrey, “Where’s yours?”   “In the park. I parked it there so as I could tail him through the trees.”   Yeah whatever, Ditcon thought, big fucking deal, you dumb bitch. Then he said, “Well the RCMP around here have a lot of explaining to do since they failed to uncover and apprehend another killer we’ve found living in their jurisdiction. I can’t believe they let him escape.”   He took a deep breath and shook his head, rubbed his neck, looked at Stephanie, then said to Daltrey, “Go get your car.” ************  The first place Daltrey hit after dropping off Ditcon and his driver—who she could tell hated her—was her shower. Then her bath. But the smell was still there. So she showered again and this time scrubbed out the inside of her nose with her fingers.   What was all that about, she thought, this Stephanie woman looking down on her when all she was doing was driving? Let her be the one who outfights a 250-pound monster. The fucking cock-sucking bitch. Fuck her. And she had beat him, this prick who Suzy had a thing for, she thought, as she stared at herself naked in the mirror for not the first time that night. It certainly had been interesting.   She got dressed quickly and forty minutes later, she was standing at the side of Chendrill’s hospital bed.  She asked, “Have you told your girl?”  He hadn’t. What he had done as he’d woken though was to send a text.   “I told her I’d be late,” Chendrill said.   Daltrey said straight back, “She’ll be thinking you have another woman.”  “Yeah but when she’s sees this, she’ll know different.”  Daltrey stared at the wound in Chendrill’s right shoulder. She said, “Maybe she’ll think the other woman shot you.”   Maybe? Chendrill thought as she heard Daltrey carry on saying, “The fucker nearly got you, hey?”   Chendrill wanted to shrug, but knew he couldn’t so he just said, “Still standing.”  Daltrey smiled, kind of, but she got the gist. She said, “I thought I had him, but you know—you trap a rat in a drain pipe and if one end’s rotten, it’s getting out.”  Chendrill lay there and thought about the Italian crawling through a pipe, then thought about the fucker shooting him.   Daltrey said, “I saw something tonight I never thought I’d see in my lifetime, Chuck.”  Then as the vision of the transvestite kneeling down with her nuts hanging down next to his head as he lay there on the ground flashed through his head, Chendrill said, “Same here.”  He owed the transvestite one—that was certain.  Daltrey said, “One thing I will say for Ditcon is, for as much of an idiot as we see him to be, once that trap door was open and it was empty, he was on the phone and had a photo from the club and the lower mainland shut down, and he says it’s staying that way.”  Chendrill smiled and said sarcastically, “Yeah—good for him for doing his job.” Then he took a deep breath that hurt and said, “Well I can tell you there’s little point because I’d put Tricia’s new house on the line and say the man’s still here.”    And as always, he was right.*************  In the Italian’s eyes, he had done little wrong. Yeah, he’d killed the odd fucker and shot an ex-cop, but the junkies were on their way out anyway and in reality, the State should be thanking him as he was doing society a service. That cop also should have known better than to get physical with a known gangster, Jesus, fuck me. And on top of it all, he was in love, and about to, after all these years, get back the girl of his dreams, along with the kids that he knew were both his. All he had to do was lay low for a while until everyone got bored and then wait for his girl to leave her husband, which she was about to do. It had all been perfect until that little slimy gay fuckhead with the poofy little dog had come drifting back in from the past and gone and fucked it all up by buying her and her husband a house.  Now he had another slight setback, as well as a huge hole in his leg.   With his head down, the Italian limped along the street, bought a razor and some scissors from a convenience store and shaved his head in the cracked mirror of the shitty bathroom of a room he found on Hastings Street. The man at the reception window of the cheap hotel only taking cash in advance and never looking up. Then with his new look, he crossed the road and hobbled up three blocks to the charity shop and bought some clothes that someone no longer liked or fit into, stuck an oversize truckers cap on his head, and threw his designer wear that stank of death into a bin. He carried on in great pain back along Hastings Street, limping and beginning to cry out with every step. His body twisting as he moved, he passed an all-night pharmacy which gave a deal on prescription methadone and stepped in, grabbed some iodine, painkillers, and bandages and carried on up the road, passing the shitheads who lived on the street towards the hotel.   He found the entrance to his new home and passed the desk with the manager sitting there in a string vest that he’d ripped at the front from scratching. Struggling with the stairs, he found his room. The place was a shithole full of shitheads, but a perfect place to lay low, he thought, as he sat on the bed and pulled the banker’s draft from his wallet and looked at it.   He had this $250,000 here and another $650,000 he’d stashed away in the Caymans, and $51,000 in usable money from incorporations he owned here. But he couldn’t access that because they may have tallied up his connection and already be watching the system for movement. If he was quick though he could hit the debit machines and pull maybe a grand out on two cards and be gone.   If he was quick.  But they’d know he was still around.   He’d wait, he thought. He’d wait it out. Let them think he was long gone and then work a way out of this mess from there.    He looked about the room—the curtains had blood on them, as did the sheet. But the sheet was washed. The walls were shiny yellow from nicotine. He was sure the place stank, but for the moment his nose had stopped working. Fuck—that fucking bitch, he thought. Fucking up his leg. He pulled down his new trousers and looked at the wound in the cheap fluorescent light. It was bad, but he’d seen worse. Stripping off, he walked to the bathroom and jumped in the shower that was thick with black mold. He turned on the taps and waited for the hot water, which wouldn’t come.   “Fuck it,” he said out-loud and got in anyway. Then he reached for the soap that wasn’t there and then after for a towel that wasn’t there either.   Getting out, he limped his way back into the bedroom and dried himself on the bedspread that left him with hair that wasn’t his. He sat down on the side of the bed and looked at his leg again. Wincing at the pain, he pulled the wound apart and then screamed out loud as he poured a splash of iodine straight in. Falling back, he lay down and looked at the ceiling, wondering if someone would care enough about his screams to check.   He waited, listening for doors to open, footsteps along the old wooden floorboards of the corridor that would stop outside his door to see if he was okay. Nothing. He spun around and looked out the window through the shitty net. People outside were sitting in doorways, some high on crack, some selling second-hand junk they said was theirs. Some doing both. That guy that kid saved, Clive Sonic, there in the distance, lit up on a billboard in the night sky. The man with the smile, looking cool, Saying, ‘Trust Me’ to anyone who cared to look.   Fuck off! the Italian thought as he laid back down and stared at the fluorescent light with its burned out ends and dead flies stuck to its grease and wondered about Suzy. How was he going to explain this one to her? He should call. Twisting the dyke’s arm was fixable; having a pit with the odd dead loser in the garden where she’d sat with him and had barbecues, that was going to be a tough sell—it was work though, so maybe she’d get that? Maybe, but sometimes women could get funny about the strangest things. ************  The light was just coming up on a new morning when Chendrill pulled himself out of the bed and walked to the window. Somewhere out there was a group of men who had conspired in various ways to close his curtain. It was a strange feeling. One that sat there in his stomach and gave a real-time wake-up call. Twice now in the last month someone had tried to remove him from society. Maybe it was time to grow up, Chendrill thought. He could settle down with his new girl and ride it out for the next 50 years—if he was lucky enough to get that far and become a cool guy in his nineties. It would be hard though to do that, sit back and know there were people out there wandering around who’d had a part in orchestrating his downfall.    The Italian was at the top of the tree, but who were the others and how much did they actually know? He’d find out soon enough, he knew that. Someone sent the text about where the car was sitting hidden to his guy in the know. He called him up. The phone went for the longest time before the man answered and said, “You get it?”   “Oh, I got it alright,” answered Chendrill, “right in the shoulder, from some Italian.”   His man, who Chendrill now paid but hadn’t before when the man had owed Chendrill for getting him a suspended sentence instead of spending two years in a holiday camp, was now silent for a moment. Then, confused, he said, “What?”   Chendrill hated saying it, but he said it again, “The car was there, but there was this Italian loan shark with it, and he had other ideas.”   “This is the guy they’re looking for?”  The guy was on the ball.  “Yeah, but not because of me. It turned out he was starting his own cemetery in his yard. Where’d the info that sent me there originate?”  “A text. I’ll send it to you.”  It came up and Chendrill read it.  The Aston’s at Raymur and Casper for 2 hours.   Fuck, there it was again, Casper, why had he not listened to that woman who was trying to warn him, why hadn’t he just looked where the street was, just for curiosity even? he thought. Then he carried on talking to himself in his mind as he stared at the name on the phone. Hocus pocus, that’s why. That’s what you get for being small minded. You, big dumb fuck.   Putting his phone away, he said, “Well they weren’t lying.”  The Italian wasn’t following the car and hoping to see Chendrill arrive though, he knew that. The thing was planned. After all, the guy had been busy driving around Hastings looking for a certain person to feed the lawn with.   The fucker would surface soon, they always did, Chendrill thought as he watched the clouds begin to pick up the low sun. And when he did, he’d make sure he spilled the beans.   There was a slight knock at the door and without waiting, it opened. It was Dan’s mother and seeing her man standing there in his hospital gown she came straight over. She said, in a manner that only someone who had spent their working life in patient care could, “You’d be better if you didn’t walk about.”  Chendrill turned and smiled. It was good to see her and as soon as he did, he felt an overwhelming sense of guilt.   Tricia walked over and held him, and in her embrace, he could feel his woman’s anxiety. She said softly, “Chuck, I think it’s time to stop this.” She looked at his legs—still bruised and scabbed from before. Then she said, “Last time it was your legs, this time your shoulder, where do you think the next injury’s hitting Chuck?”  Time to stop?—she wasn’t wrong, Chendrill thought. How long had he been fucking with these guys at the tow shop even though he knew they were all connected? Even if that wasn’t the actual reason the Italian had decided to set him up—after all, he hadn’t been particularly nice about handing over Sebastian’s money—but fuck him, Chendrill thought as he held his girl without speaking and felt the blood rush from his stomach. Fuck him. He had tried and failed, and if you’re going to do something, you do just that—if not, watch out. He’d been there in the hospital long enough. It was time to go, so he said to his girl as she held him and worried about him, “You didn’t bring me a new shirt by chance, did you? The one I had on has a hole.”*************  Carl the big fucker of a tow truck driver who could use his neck as a pillow was shitting himself. Yeah, he had an old Buick Sabre with a veteran plate and a disabled sticker attached to the back of his rig which normally would have made him smile. But today, more so than any other day in his life, he was terrified.   Everything he had worked for, which amounted to a job at the tow company and a shitty rental home in Surrey, was now in jeopardy just because he’d let his ego get the better of him. The guy had met the Italian by chance at the football, knowing him from old when he’d done repo for one of the man’s friends. Big Carl the tow truck driver, standing there with a beer in one hand and a hot dog in the other, trying to be cool and asking him stupidly, “What’s it gonna cost to whack the big fuck who wears the loud shirts.”  The tow truck driver who didn’t need a support cushion on a plane all pissed off, having had enough of this Hawaiian shirt wearing motherfucker making a mockery off him within the tow trucking industry. The tow truck driver in bed at night so pissed off now that he couldn’t even have a wank. Lying there whilst his wife snored and farted in her sleep. The guy dreaming and fantasizing about killing Chendrill himself or paying a hit man to do it so as he could feel like the gangster boss he didn’t have the chops to be.   He could do it, yeah course he fucking could, he’d lay there thinking. In his eyes, no one needed to know he’d paid the guy or was involved in any way, but if the man was to suddenly disappear then anyone working at the depot who’d been smirking at him, or leaving toy Ferraris in the lot like they had, would all think hey, the big guy Carl, watch out for him—don’t fuck with that guy Carl.  But just as he was expecting the Italian with the rings to smile and deny that killing people was what he did or used to do, the man had said, “Tow his ride and leave it where I say and let’s see what happens.”  Now the man had gotten what he wanted and wished he hadn’t. Fuck, fuck, fuck, he thought as he sat at the lights next to the charity shop on Hastings and felt the big diesel engine of his rig chug away.   He’d gone in to pull the Aston the previous night. Big Carl getting the call from the Italian just as he was about to go home late after ruining people’s evenings. Big Carl the tow truck driver going in stealth-like, getting up some speed at the top of Dan’s mother’s road and turning his tow truck’s engine off so he could coast in towards the Aston. The guy stopping, cutting in at an angle in front of Chendrill’s car, and in one practiced move he had the luxury car on the back of his rig and then dropped it off again in that quiet area where the trannies liked to hang out.   Sixty minutes later, he was home feeling like a king and coming on his wife’s face as she liked him too do. Then off to bed feeling smug. Now though, in the cold light of day, not even twelve hours later, the whole of Canada was looking for the Italian prick—wherever the fuck he’d gone. How long was it going to be before they caught on to the fact that it was him who dropped the car off right next to where the idiot had to have shot him?  He’d had enough calls to tell him the guy who’d been fucking with him was in the hospital with a gunshot wound. So how long would it take for the detectives, whose job it was to put people away, to find out and put two and two together and come back with him?   “Fuck!—Fuck!—double fucking fuck!” Carl called out as the lights changed and he pulled away and passed the shitty hotel where his partner in crime was hiding with a festering leg.   He reached the yard on McGill and felt the eyes on him as he pulled in—thinking he would look big, but now feeling as distressed as the veteran whose car he’d just towed. He dropped the car and threw the keys on the counter just as he always did and walked inside to the rest area at the back to grab a coffee to calm his nerves. Passing the open computer, he looked at the screen—someone had been searching. The top of the search screen read: Accessory to attempted murder prison sentences       He stopped and read in amongst it all one line that sent a shiver through his body and caused his stomach to hit his mouth. It read: 25 years to life.   He carried on into the back room and thought for a moment that he was going to vomit. As the words, Oh God—oh God, please no, please no, flowed through his mind.   He opened his phone and typed in the same search. Seconds later it was all there for him to see. Half sentences—full sentences—joint principal—conspiracy—life imprisonment—words in Latin, others he didn’t understand. One thing he did understand though was that there were no doubts about it—at the end of the day if he did not get out of town, he was going away for a very long time and where they would send him he couldn’t bring his tow truck. **************  The first thing Chendrill did after he picked up his car was to go back to his apartment to charge his phone, and the next thing he did was call the tow truck office on McGill Street.  He said, “Please could you make an announcement to all your drivers that a Chuck Chendrill’s on the line and wants to talk to one of them.”  But there was little point in Chendrill waiting for someone to come to the phone because moments after the dispatcher had happily said exactly that over the tannoy for all to hear and gossip about after, Big Carl was out the door with his fat neck bouncing up under his chin, heading for home.   He was about halfway there when the realization set in. How can I go home? Carl thought, as he sat there covered in sweat with his heart pounding, gunning the tow truck with the rattling chains back towards Surrey. He couldn’t run—look at the Italian they were looking for him all over. If he kept heading east, he’d be picked up. He could hide but where and who with? He could take the missus, but she liked her TV and why would he? She hated him anyway.   He pulled off the highway and sat for a moment as if he was working, considering his options. Go west, hang out on the Island? No good—they’d be onto him. Same for the North and East. South... it was an option. He could hit the border now and go through and disappear. But they could have a picture of him there if Chendrill was already on to him. It was a possibility. And if not and he got through, they’d still be looking for him because eventually they’d know he was there. Fuck, he was an idiot, a fucking idiot. He should have just punched the guy in the face like he used to at school—given him a slap and been done. But no, he wanted to be one of the big boys, wanted to be a gangster, and right now it was painfully obvious he didn’t have the guts. An Angel? Not a chance. How the fuck did those guys operate and not seem to give a shit?—the way they walked about like they owned the place and could care less.   Because they were in and he wasn’t—that was the difference. And to be in you needed to be strong and he was almost crying and all he’d done was tow a car and send a text to a killer.   Yeah, that’s all he’d done, he thought, as he sat there trying to stay calm and watched as the traffic filed past. Yeah, but if he thought like that, pretty soon he’d be thinking that in court when the judge put the hammer down on the best years of his life—and then someone else would be coming in his wife’s face, in the same way she liked him to.  Fuck, he told himself, act now, do something now and get ahead of the game—sneak out, get to the States, do it so no one knows you’re there, change your name. He could go to LA or New York and tow real cars for a living. Big celebs’ cars, then just send back a postcard of Dustin Hoffman’s Rolls on the back of his rig and let them work it out up there in the coffee room on McGill who’d sent it.  He pulled out his phone—he knew someone he’d met a few years ago when they’d chatted in a bar and both got drunk together. The guy knew someone who had a tunnel and it was operated by associates; it took you under the border. No questions asked, with a one-way one charge. All he needed to do was call. Chances were if he did, he wouldn’t need to pay as the guy had said he could slip him through for free because he was a good guy and was connected. He remembered the man, sitting there with a double Jack and Coke and saying, “Anytime—anytime, call me and you’re through.”   Flipping through the contacts, he found what he was looking for—it said ‘Tunnel guy,’ no name.   He dialed and seconds later it answered. The voice on the end sounded the same as the man he’d spoken to years earlier, even if he was eating. Carl said, “Hey, it’s Carl, we met in Lefty’s a couple of years ago. How you doing?”  No Answer. Carl carried on, he said, “We had a competition, we were seeing if we could drink a beer whilst we had a full one balancing on top of our heads.”  Then the guy said, “You the guy with the neck?”  Unconsciously, Carl felt his neck and rubbed his forefinger through the fold, pulling out a lump of wet dead skin on the end of his nail as he did.    “Yeah, that’s me.”    Then the guy said, “What do you want?”  Carl got straight to it. He said, “Your travel business, I was wondering if I could call in the favor and grab a ticket?”  The man on the end of the phone saying straight back, “Yeah sure—five grand cash—one way—there’s a bus going tonight—have the money in an hour and once it’s picked up, I’ll call you with where we meet half an hour before it leaves.”  Fuck! Carl thought, five grand was a lot. And if he paid it that would leave him half the savings he had in his bank. Taking a chance, he said, “When we spoke, you said it was free because the top of my head was flat.”  Carl listened as he heard the guy on the end of the phone laugh, then heard him say, “Yeah you’re right. I did. I remember. It’s $5000—if it’s too steep, grab your passport and you can cross for free at Peace Arch. Call back in thirty minutes if you’ve got the money, if you haven’t don’t.”   And with that the phone went dead.   Carl sat there and looked back out towards the traffic again. Five grand, but there was light at the end of the tunnel—quite literally. It was a move and it was a slick one. Fuck you Charles Chuck Chendrill and your big fucking car and shirt. He thought, fuck you. Big Carl was back and he had a plan.    ************  Dan sat on his new leather sofa and ignored another text from ‘Marshaa’; then straight after, a long, long one that had taken almost two hours to write, which came all the way from a mansion in Beverly Hills where Adalia had been sitting by her pool.   He said to the girls, who were all in a line standing at the other side of the room, “Try it again and this time instead of doing the little hop all together one way, try to do two to the left and then the other two of you go to the right.”   They looked at him—he was great at choreography, but the English was getting in the way.   Myuki said, “You show!”   Dan got up, still holding the button to the remote control for the music. Lining up, he hit the button, did the move, skipped to the left, paused the remote, rewound it a bit, and did it again on the other side. They all watched, then got it.   He sat back down and hit the button again, watching as they all did their little bit and moved perfectly. It was great, and fuck these girls were so sexy. He said, “Want me to order in another pizza?”   The girls looked around and smiled. They’d seen him get through five already and it wasn’t even four in the afternoon. But what the hell? Then he said instead, “Or should we go out?”   Ten minutes later, they were all squashed into the Ferrari and heading towards Micky D’s. Dan looking at the new ‘Trust Me’ posters all over town depicting Clive Sonic as the man to have as mayor—glad to see the back of his own campaign. The girls loving the attention as they played the music on the stereo as loud as it could be. The Ferrari cruising along through traffic with Dan smug at the wheel and not giving a shit about the noise.  He pulled off the road and dipped the car under the Golden Arches and parked up diagonally outside the window as he liked to do. There was a chance that Melissa was working; and if she was, Dan was hoping to drag her back and get her dancing with the girls—then, if he was lucky, into his room for some fun, along with the rest of them, if they were willing. So far, though, they hadn’t given any sign that they were interested in anything other than dance routines. But how long would that last? They were young though. And being young himself, there was every chance it could all come together for him if he waited. Long gone were the days of shoving his dick in a girl’s face as he had with Daltrey and the blind chick with the dog which bit him.   Adalia Seychan had taught him that, and taught him well.   They all sat down at the table, Dan sending Myuki up to put the order in with a stack of bills he did not count. The girl coming back with a tray full of food and the change.  He asked, “You happy?”   They all nodded, how could they not be? They had free accommodation in a penthouse where they could dance 24/7 if they wished—not only this, but their landlord was a superstar who paid for all the food, even if it was junk food at the moment.  “Maybe we should get some to go as well, for later?” suggested Dan.  The girls looked at each other, then at the car, then at the fat guy at the counter with a pillow for a neck and big gold rings on his fingers.   Big Carl the tow truck driver picked his order off the counter and walked towards a table with his tray as he watched the girls and the punk kid who couldn’t park his Ferrari properly and wondered if it was the same one he’d been towing and where he’d gone wrong in his life. How the hell could this dozy looking fuck have four chicks and a Ferrari and he had a fat assed wife? But that didn’t matter right now in the scheme of things, as he needed to get out of town. He’d been to the bank and pulled all his savings. The guy who he knew once and had gotten drunk with years back had told him to be near the window that looked out onto Main Street. He looked out the window, past the Ferrari, and saw the guy sitting there on the corner on his Harley, waiting.   Fuck that was quick, he thought, the man on the phone telling him that when he saw the guy pull up, he had one minute or he would be off. Fuck, he thought, how long had he been there while he’d been sitting there staring at this loser and his skinny Asian girlfriends? Standing, Carl quickly took off towards the door, his fat legs rubbing against each other and his ass showing as he did.   He hit the double door with the palm of his right hand and ran out into the carpark with his neck wobbling and his open jean jacket blowing in the wind. He reached the Harley. The guy in the small skullcap helmet sitting there looking at him as he came. Reaching him, Carl panted out of breath. Digging into his pocket he pulled out the envelope that read five on the front, handed it over and without a word the biker was off, thundering away at full throttle with his big cowboy boots positioned high on the foot pegs of his Harley, carrying what equated to almost one hundred tows from the downtown area.   He walked back under the arches and entered the door and looked at Dan who was staring at him as he did. Unable to keep his mouth shut, Carl said to him as he passed, “You’re lucky I’m on my day off, parking like that.”   Dan wondering why the fat fuck couldn’t mind his own business said straight back, “At least I can fit in it.”  Big Carl, the tow truck driver who thought he was tough, was angry enough now to get into it with anyone, even this skinny big-mouthed idiot. But the kid was lucky he was on the run from the law—wanted for attempted murder. Maybe he should just go over there and tell the prick just that, then deck the fucker. What difference would it make? He could be out of there in a heartbeat before the cops came along and tried to revive him. Yeah, he’d do it—fuck it. He’d knock the cunt out, show him who’s boss in front of his girlfriends in their little shorts that didn’t fit, who were now taking turns to eat fries out of the idiot’s mouth.   He stood, took a deep breath and began to walk over when he saw Charles Chuck Chendrill pull into the carpark in his Aston.   Chendrill got out of the Aston and, with the briefest of glances at the tow truck, stepped inside. He looked at what Dan was doing and then to the girls and, feeling the pain in his shoulder, went and sat down at their table.   “How you gonna find this cabby with the turban who’s stalking me if you keep getting yourself shot?” Dan said.  "Maybe it’s a good thing this guy’s still chasing you and you’ll think about it next time you decide to do a runner on a cab?” Chendrill said back.  “Maybe you’ll do a runner next time someone pulls out a gun?” It was a good point.  Chendrill said, “Sometimes electricians get a zap, you know what I mean? Comes with the territory.”  And in a way, it did, and Chendrill knew that. When he signed up, they’d been upfront and said the job can be dangerous but that they did try to train you and prepare you for an unfortunate situation or incident. Which was more than they did if you took a job working the night shift in a convenience store—not that he ever would have.   Nonetheless, a gunshot wound was disturbing, especially for Dan, who surprisingly was getting used to having the big fucker around.   Chendrill carried on saying, “Besides the guy missed. Just grazed me.” Which was an extension of the truth and they both knew it—Chendrill because it hurt badly still. And Dan because his mother had told him.  “Who did it?” Dan said.  Chendrill got straight to it, “Some Italian guy and a fat fuck who drives a tow truck.”  Dan looked at the table where the guy he’d just been lippy to had sat and saw he was no longer there. He looked out into the carpark at the tow truck which wasn’t moving. Dan said, “Like that one?”   And Chendrill answered straight back as he looked to the truck parked up by the road more closely. “No, not like that one—that one,” he said.   Dan smiled. This guy, who he’d become friends with and who, according to his mum, he had nearly lost the night before, playing it cool. He said, “Really?”    Chendrill looked back and nodded. Then said, “100%”  “The same guy?”   Chendrill shrugged. Then said, “Where was he sitting?”  Dan showed him and said, “Right there.”   Chendrill stood and looked at the table and the mountain of food the man had just ordered sitting there completely untouched. He walked over and looked at it. Picked up the tray and bought it over to Dan and the Korean girls’ table.   “What if he comes back?” Dan said.    “Oh, there’s no chance he’s coming back. Not while I’m sitting here at least.”  Dan stared at the back of the tow truck, the vehicle looked dirty and menacing with all its chains and hooks hanging free. Turning back to the table, he looked at the girls who had no idea what they were talking about and said to Chendrill, “What are you going to do, stake it out and wait for him to come back?”  Chendrill smiled, it was the logical thing to do. But where was the fun in that? He said, “No, why would I want to do that to the man when I can sit here and let him watch me eat his food?”*************  Carl stood behind a bus shelter on the other side of the road and peeked through at Chendrill, Dan, and the girls in their tight shorts who he’d love to fuck. All of them smiling and joking as Chendrill ate the tow truck driver’s meal. He thought back to when he’d last eaten. It was first thing this morning, long before reality had set in that he was now an accessory to attempted murder—back then when he still had some sort of semblance of a life.   Then he saw it coming along the road, the big commercial wrecker tow truck he used to drive and cause havoc with whenever he had the opportunity to switch lanes for no reason. The big beast in all its grandeur cruising along Main Street with some schmuck he hated from the depot at the wheel. Long gone were the days of such glory when there was nothing he could not tow. Then it slowed, took a noisy right with its engine blasting smoke up and out of the dual stacks on either side of the cab. The tow truck crossed the road, stopping traffic as it did and pulled up into the Micky D’s carpark at exactly the same time as the police car he had yet to see arrived.   In one practiced move, the tow truck was in front of Carl’s truck and the driver was dropping down to the ground from the cab. Walking over, he talked to the cop in the car and then walked back over to the cab of Carl’s tow truck. Pulling out a slim jim, he quickly opened the driver’s door. Seconds later he was inside, then at the back of his own truck, noisily dropping the crane. The driver then hooked onto the front of the tow truck and hit a lever, pulling its front tires off the ground. With one more trip inside the cab of Carl’s truck, the guy released the hand brake and was back in his own vehicle, revving the fuck out of its huge Detroit Diesel engine and dragging Big Carl’s pride and joy out onto Main Street straight past where Carl was hiding behind the bus stop and off to the police compound followed by one of Williams’ friend’s in his patrol car.    ************  The Italian didn’t know what time of night it was later that evening when he was woken by the sirens blasting outside his window. His head ached and he was sweating badly. He sat up and looked at his leg, which was swelling and still hurt. Then he looked at the bed and to the bed bugs crawling on the sheets and across his stomach.   Quickly he batted them off and stood on his good leg and stared at the triangular shaped bite formations on the fleshy part of his gut.   Fuck me, that’s disgusting, he thought as he swiped the remaining bugs off the sheet and onto the linoleum floor and smashed them to death with his shoe.   Fucking things. Checking himself in the mirror for more, he put on his trousers and hopped himself barefoot and shirtless downstairs to the reception. Calling out to the guy on the reception as soon as he hit the last step, he said, “Hey, fuck me, the room’s full of bed bugs!”  The receptionist, who never looked up, did just that and said nothing. Before the Italian could say another word, he pulled out a can of bug spray and put it on the counter in front of him.   The Italian picked it up. Standing there with his top off, he looked at it and said, “This is for roaches, not bed bugs.”   Without looking up, the receptionist brought out another can, a different color from the first. The Italian took it and kept the other and called out as he walked away, “You need to find me another room.”   He reached his room again, hobbling all the way, lifted the sheets, and sprayed both cans onto the mattress until both were empty. Then with the smell and taste of the insecticide in his mouth and lungs, he opened the window. The night air came in through the bloodstained curtain. He looked out and felt the cool air on his face and forehead. He was still hot, too hot. He went to the bathroom and put his head under the tap for a moment—the cold water helping, but not for long. It was time for a shower again, he thought, as he turned on the taps, hoping the hot water would be there this time. Giving up again, he got back in and felt the cold water like ice on his boiling body, then getting out, he reached for the towel that didn’t exist.   Fuck he should have got one when he was down there, and some soap, he thought as he hobbled now angry and naked to the door. Opening it he screamed out down the corridor towards the stairs, “Towels—get some fucking towels and soap up here.”   He closed the door and felt his head spin as he did and with just the one leg working properly he wondered if he’d be able to stay up. He held onto the door, then the wall, then the bed, and lay down again and with his head spinning, passed out. ************  It was almost midnight when the power bar on Carl’s phone went red. It had been ringing with calls from his wife and guys from the towing depot all evening, but none from the guy who could drink a pint of beer with another balancing on the top of his head.   He was cold and wished he had the dirty fluorescent jacket he kept behind the driver’s seat of his tow truck—that, and his charger.   They could trace his phone, he knew that, but they hadn’t. They had his rig, but that was that fuckhead who was supposed to be dead. But he wasn’t, he was alive and well and had been sitting in McDonald’s with some homo and four chicks eating his food. Fuck, he was hungry.   He looked along the road on Robson Street, which was now blocked for pedestrian use and remembered towing a vehicle that had stopped for a moment right next to the Art Gallery. The guy had chased him all the way to Georgia Street on foot and he’d lost him at the lights and left him in a cloud of diesel fumes after he’d heard the guy screaming.   How long had it been now? he thought. All day, all night it seemed, and all he’d had was a Subway sandwich. Then just as the last bars of power began to disappear, his phone went and a voice simply said, “Go stand on the corner of Burrard and Robson,” and hung up.   That was two blocks to the west. He knew the area well because it was full of cars every afternoon after three when the parking law changed. He moved off, waddling his ass as he did and hit the corner just as a farm vehicle with blacked out windows in the rear pulled up on the other side of the road.   He crossed over, and as he reached the passenger side, the door opened and Suzy’s husband let him in.   They pulled away, with no one speaking. Carl recognizing the guy at the wheel and wanting to chat. The husband saying nothing, except, “Go sit in the back,” as he handed him a hood.  Big Carl, the tow truck driver who wanted to be a gangster, moved through to the back, squeezing his fat gut between the seats, and saw six other hooded people sitting on the floor—two of whom had to be children. He sat down. Then from the front of the van he heard Suzy’s husband call out to him again for him to hood up or get out.   He travelled south straight down Burrard with the hood on his head, feeling every bump on his ass through the hard metal floor. Then from what he could judge, they took a left and a right and found Granville then they stayed on it heading south again until he could hear through the open window planes coming in to land at the airport. From there, they hit the highway and carried on further south for twenty minutes or so, then he felt the vehicle slow and take a turn, then a sharp right and then left and carry on, stopping every thirty seconds or so. They had to be on Zero Ave or close, he thought, as he felt the vehicle pull away and then slow and start up again, over and over.   Another thirty minutes passed. Then he felt them turn, hit gravel for ten seconds and come to an idle as the driver got out and got back in again and drove them inside some kind of building.   Moments later, he heard the back open and the man who’s face he couldn’t place say, “Keep the hoods on and get out.”   Looking at the ground, the tow truck driver shuffled his way along the metal flooring of the van and wondered if all this nonsense was worth it. He heard one of the kids begin to cry and then the mother scold him to silence in a language he could not place. Then he got out and stood looking down at his big greasy work boots with their steel toecaps.   A hand grabbed his and placed it onto what must have been someone else’s shoulder and then he felt someone touch his and hold on. They started moving like cattle down a slope as the air became stale. Fans started and as they kept walking downwards the air became cold. There was water on the compacted gravel floor. They reached the bottom and he felt the downward slope change and begin to rise. Slowly they carried on in a line—the kids sniveling, foreign words coming from in front and behind. They reached the top as the temperature changed again and the dampness left the air. Then there were some steps—they climbed them, passed through another doorway and entered into another big building with dust on the floor.   He heard the back of a van open up, as the door clonked, and drew a breath of relief as he saw the bumper and U.S., Washington State license plate briefly as he climbed into the back. He settled down as the doors closed and he heard other larger one’s open. Then the new vehicle started and pulled away, stopped, then started again as the wheels crushed the gravel beneath them as they carried on along a track.   Then the vehicle came to a sharp stop in the gravel and there was noise. Gunfire, men screaming, women and children screaming also. He heard the driver’s voice shouting, “No! No! No!”   Dogs began barking and in a matter of seconds, the rear door was open again and someone had hold of his boots and he was being dragged out feet first onto a dirt track where he landed face first in the dirt. **************  Basil stood and felt the oil between his toes as he wiggled them in his shoes in the darkness. What an operation it had all become—him up there in Vancouver working tirelessly digging deep to find the guy who’d stolen their border vehicle and headed north bouncing across the border in it. Basil out there, working alone undercover in a foreign country, hunting day and night, putting in huge overtime until he unearthed the secret that now culminated in busting up a massive border breach and the uncovering of a highly sophisticated tunnel system.   At least that’s what he’d be telling them and what his time sheets reflected.   But what the hell, no one could take away from him what he’d achieved even if all he’d done was take a call from Chendrill that same evening and been told to get his ass down to Zero Ave and to watch two particular addresses for activity—one being on the Canadian side and the other on the U.S. side. It was simple, if you see a farm vehicle hit the one on the Canadian side, then get ready on the other because like rabbits they’ll be coming out the hole on the other side—and they’ll be moving fast.    And that’s what he’d done so far that evening—that, and get his feet rubbed by Maio. His new girl there earlier with her little bottle of massage oil with its squirty top and her little stick, Basil with his eyes closed and a smile. Then he’d gotten the call from Chendrill; and with no time to slide his socks on, he was out the door.    He’d passed Suzy’s husband driving the farm vehicle—with half a dozen illegal immigrants and one tow truck driver in the back and Williams on its tail. Basil driving so fast on the highway as he headed south that he hadn’t noticed either. Then he’d tucked himself away on Zero Ave, sitting there with his hands on the steering wheel in his car, nervously wiggling his oily toes and feeling his heart pump in his chest. Unconsciously sinking his head down into his shoulders like a turtle as he waited until the van eventually came and disappeared though a side lane into the correct barn—just as Chendrill had told him it would.   Then a minute later, with his oily feet slipping in his sockless shoes he’d rushed out the car and jumped the border himself and alerted his colleagues at the border security services as they arrived all pumped up with their guns out to arrest him. Basil waving his ID, pointing, and shouting as he battled to keep his shoes on his feet.   “I’m an intelligence officer—U.S. Customs and Border Protection—get the fuck out of my way! There’s a breach! They’re going through a tunnel—call me a SWAT team and take me to that farm, right the fuck now!”  For Basil, who so far had done pretty much nothing exciting in his life, it didn’t get much better than that. 
