Chapter Nineteen  Charles Chuck Chendrill put down the phone after calling Basil and sat on the sofa at Dan’s new place, which used to be Mazzi Hegan’s and stared at the Korean girls’ asses as they revolved slowly around and around to the music. Dan mesmerized, sitting there with him, both with their hands on their knees as if it was a Sunday morning at the launderette.   “I don’t think they are ever going to stop,” Dan said.   Chendrill hoped they wouldn’t. He said, “Are they always like this?” They were, dance practice went on at all hours, and in between they ate and took turns flirting with Dan. But now there was another man in the house, and he was older and sexy.   So, it was time to tease and the girls were having fun with it.   Chendrill asked, “Do they each have their own room?”  Dan smiled and said, “Yeah kind of, but so far they’ve been all sleeping with me in mine.”   Chendrill broke away from the girls’ hypnotic revolutions. “Really?” he asked.  Dan smiled and said straight back, “Yeah I think they like looking at Mazzi’s erotic art on the ceiling.”  “Oh?” said Chendrill and wondered what the art was and why he’d never in his life been as lucky.   Then Dan said, “But they won’t let me fuck them. They just cuddle and then sleep. And when they do, they snore—especially Myuki.”   “Oh?” said Chendrill as he got it. He said, “So, that’s nice they’ve friend zoned you then—in a big way?”   Dan smiled, he hadn’t really given it much thought—as he was having so much fun. But as always, the big guy wasn’t wrong. “Not for long, I hope. You see, Myuki keeps looking at me, I got the feeling,” he said.  He’s got the feeling, Chendrill thought. The guy who only a little over a month ago was knocking one out into his mother’s socks now had a feeling and was sleeping in a boudoir designed by a gay man with a troupe of Korean dancers Sebastian had somehow found just so he could shame Rock Mason.   Fuck, he wished he was Dan’s age again, and said, “I’d better go.”   Dan said, “Yeah you’d better before Mum comes around and you get shot again.”  Oh yeah, that, Chendrill thought, as he felt the sting in his shoulder and remembered the Italian pulling the gun on him.   He said, “Yeah and I doubt she’d fuck it up either.”  Still making light of the incident when deep down he knew he’d been lucky twice now, Chendrill stretched and stood, felt the pain in his shoulder worsen, and wondered if the wound was bleeding under the bandage.   Seeing movement behind them from the reflection in the windows as the girls looked out at the view from the penthouse, the girls stopped their dance rehearsal and came over to Chendrill as he made for the door and smelled their sweetness and looked at their painted toenails as each one waited in line to kiss his cheek.   Yeah, he wished he was Dan’s age again. ***********  Chendrill drove back towards Dan’s mother’s home and wondered how things would have panned out had the Italian not got his aim wrong or if he’d been a real pro and shot the woman with the stretched panties who somehow scared him off. They’d be another meeting at Slave no doubt, but he had no will so what would have happened with all his new money that he had yet to see?   He hit 12th Street, headed east, and called Williams with his right hand as he sat at a red. Williams sitting there happy and excited as he answered and the first thing he said was, “God, I wish I could have crossed the border and been there when the shit hit the fan. How the fuck did you know?”  It hadn’t been hard; in fact, truth was it really couldn’t have been easier, and the suspicion had been there for Chendrill for a while now—ever since Suzy’s husband had blurted out that he’d left the door open on Zero Ave. Then after when Suzy had said he had a job going down to the States. In the end, though, the woman had gifted the little fucker of a husband’s illegal activity to Chendrill anyway as they’d sat on the bench by the water. After all, in Suzy’s eyes, it was what the man deserved after getting his kicks out of watching strangers rape her ass.   He said to Williams, “You just have to listen.”     Williams out there working for free all day on his day off and loving every minute of it as he’d cruised about in his own vehicle and on his own time, picking the tow truck driver up in his sights as he’d left the yard on McGill and headed towards the highway. The young cop who wanted to be legendary like Chendrill letting his idol know that the guy was about to make his neck bigger as he’d settled down in Micky D’s for some lunch. Then, on Chendrill’s instructions, Williams had arranged a tow.   Following the guy after, Williams had called Chendrill again with updates as the man wandered around the city like a lost puppy and eventually sat in Robson Square before getting in a farm produce van and headed south.  That’s when he’d made the call and sent Basil with his feet covered in oil flying out of his favorite foot massage chair.     Chendrill hit the road that he’d used so many times when he’d been to see Dennis. What he would do, Chendrill thought, as he headed east in the darkness and looked at the road, was contact Dennis again, see how his wife was and see whether she’d skipped town. He knew the woman would—but would she if Dennis was now a partner in a huge dentistry? Chendrill doubted it. But he’d do that, he thought as he drove. He’d call Dennis in the morning and offer him just that and then he’d have a word with Samuel about the man’s license and see how the people who took it away from him could handle a law firm with seemingly unlimited funds.     He made it back and let himself into Dan’s mother’s place and was met in the corridor with a hug and another kiss on the cheek. Tricia said, “I thought you would never come home.”   It was a good point. He said, “I was with Dan.”   Tricia said back, “I know, sometimes I wonder what the two of you have in common.”   It was around 8 a.m. when Chendrill woke to find Dan’s mother messing with his dressing.   She said, “I’m sorry, but it’s bleeding.” It was and quite badly. She carried on saying, “You should have stayed in hospital instead of stealing food and looking at chick’s asses.”   Fucking Dan, Chendrill thought, as he sat up and looked at the sheets that would need to be thrown out unless the washing detergent could live up to its promise.   “Really?” he said.  “Like I said yesterday, you need to grow up, Chuck.”   He did. He said, “Then I’d be boring.”   And Trish said straight back, “You’ve got a fortune in the bank to keep you from being that. Make sure you’re here to enjoy it instead of pretending to live some weird superhero life.”   Chendrill thought about that one. He’d been called a few things in his day but a superhero… he wasn’t that. He said, “Okay, you win, I’m staying put and house hunting with you until I’m better.”   But almost as soon as the words had left his mouth, his phone rang and it was Basil from the CBP telling him he had a couple of other interesting people in the van along with the husband and this guy with the fat neck. And then moments after he'd put down the phone, Suzy called.  Chendrill pulled the Aston up outside the house that Sebastian had bought for his old friend whom he used to like to chat with at parties.   They sat at a table next to the new bay window—the framework looking better now since it had been fixed up. Suzy sitting there all emotional in her loose top feeling guilty, crying tears of frustration more than of upset for her husband, who she’d just discovered was sitting behind bars in a U.S. Federal remand center.   “The guy rarely worked, you know, but when he did, he’d say it was tunnel work, but I didn’t know he was doing this. I took it for granted it was at the docks just as it has always been,” she said.    Chendrill stayed quiet. Given that the woman had been the one to give her husband’s nighttime activities up to him only the last time they had met, it was an odd thing to say, but women could be like that. Especially if their kids were in ear shot. Say one thing one minute, completely deny it the next. He’d seen it years before whilst dealing with domestic abuse, when often the women had called because her husband was beating the shit out of her and then denied he’d done just that when the police arrived and the kids were there. It was shitty, but it was life and he understood. Chendrill said, “He knew what he was doing, and besides I have to tell you, I was involved in instigating this investigation into the tunnel they were using.”   Suzy looked to him for a moment, taking in what the man in the loud shirt was telling her. Then she said, “I knew you’d look into him after what he’d had the kids do to Sebastian.”  Chendrill took a deep breath. He said, “He told you, did he?”   “No, my youngest did. It’s disgusting. The sick asshole, he didn’t have the guts to go speak to Sebastian himself, so he sent the kids instead.”   It was then that Chendrill got it and it was an angle he had not yet considered. At the end of the day, it was easier on the kids for the woman’s husband to fall on his own sword. The woman playing him to help give the man the little push he needed. After all, had Chendrill started to dig deeper about her husband initiating the assault on Mazzi Hegan and then after for having her kids attack Sebastian and kill his dog as per their father’s instructions, then the boys would be in trouble with the law themselves and could have easily been sentenced for assault as juvenile offenders—or at least have been pulled into court and coerced into testifying against their father. In Chendrill’s eyes, she’d played a good move as even if it had just come down to a day trip to the supreme court for her boys, unless the father was a pedophile or was constantly beating them and their mother, then no child should be put through testifying against their father and have to live with it forever after.   Chendrill said, “It turns out that in the bus he was driving there were two known terrorists. So, maybe the person who tipped off the authorities did the world a favor.”  In genuine shock, Suzy put her hand to her mouth. How could it get any worse? she thought and asked, “He was driving terrorists?”   Chendrill said, “It’s yet to be proven. You know what these people are like. They like to make things bigger than they are.”  Then Suzy took Chendrill by surprise and said, “Well let’s hope it is true and then we can take some of these monsters off the street and at the same time I can get on with my life.”   “Oh?” said Chendrill, as he wondered if she’d also heard about the other love of her life.  Then before he could say another word, Suzy asked, “Have you seen the news?” Without waiting for an answer, Suzy carried on, “My mother always said I had bad taste in men—it looks like I get a clean start though. It’s a good thing, I think.”     Chendrill stayed quiet for the moment. Then Suzy said, “You know he’s still here in town?”   Chendrill nodded, he suspected as much—the man was injured, after all.   Wondering if the guy was in the basement, he asked, “The Italian? How do you know? Has he called?”  Suzy nodded, then said, “You know he’s not a real Italian. He looks it and pretends to be, but he’s not, he just liked the persona I think, liked people to think he was part of the Mafia—you know, I don’t even think he’s ever been to Italy.”   Chendrill smiled and felt the heat of embarrassment drift though him. It was funny and kind of humiliating at the same time, getting hit by such a loser it seemed—even if he had been burying junkies in the lawn. He stayed quiet and watched as Suzy sat there looking at the floor. Moments later, she said, “He has SIM cards that he throws away. I know it’s him because he always sends a text with random numbers just before he calls for real. He’s been doing that, except now he’s skipping the numbers and just getting straight to it.”   “Saying what?”  “I don’t answer, it’s just random messages, so I’ve not paid too much attention, but the ones I have heard he’s begging one second and saying let’s meet the next. You know, stuff like that and drivel, sounds like he’s in pain. As I said, I don’t answer now.”  Chendrill nodded and, unconsciously rubbing his wound, said, “Did he say where?”   “If he does, I’ll tell you. But I know he’s downtown somewhere. I’ll forward them to you. I want that idiot out of my life as much as I want to divorce the other one, which now it seems will be pretty easy. All I want in my life now is to be here with my kids in this home that Sebastian bought for me, that’s all I want.”    Then she said, “I know you hold all the aces now Chuck and I know if it wasn’t for my husband and kids, Sebastian would still be here. But please don’t take my house away. I’ve been honest and this is the first real home I’ve ever had.”   Chendrill smiled., He’d made a promise to Sebastian to look after the woman and her kids and it was the last thing on his mind, but obviously the first on Suzy’s, though the woman had dealt with all the other issues first before she’d gotten to her own. He said, “You ever thought of a career in dentistry?”*************  Chendrill got back into his car and headed back downtown. He hit its core and, seeing a rack of women’s flip flops by the doorway of a 7-Eleven, he stopped. The sliding door opened so fast with a swoosh that it made Chendrill wonder if Captain Kirk would appear. He looked at the rack, the flip flops all there in different colors some with flowers, some without. Trish liked them; it was what she wore around the house and what Dan would wear also when he couldn’t find his shoes. He spun the rack and looked further, what he needed was a pair any man would be too ashamed to wear unless they hung with Mazzi in his old days on a ‘girls’ night out.   Buying them, Chendrill then headed south again towards the private hospital where a surgeon had worked miracles on the love of Dennis the dentist’s life. He parked up outside and walked into the fancy reception and asked to be shown Alla’s room.   He knocked on the door and, as soon as he entered, he wished he’d brought flowers.   Dennis was there, as was Alla. But they weren’t talking. Dennis said, “Hey?”  Dennis stood and took Chendrill’s hand. “What happened to your shoulder?” he said.  Chendrill smiled, he looked over to Alla, “Hi Alla.”  The woman wasn’t answering. Dennis got to it. He said, “Alla’s had both her operations. The doctor said she should be up and walking soon. There’s money left over from the operation and they are recommending we stay and go through physio so as Alla can start walking again. I say yes, but Alla, bless her heart, is saying she can do that on her own and we can save the money.”   Chendrill looked at the Russian woman with the beautiful face. She was a tough bitch, there was no doubting that. He said, “What are we talking about money wise?”  “$50,0000,” said Dennis.   Chendrill understood, it was a lot of money. He also understood the fact that Dennis wasn’t worried about the money but rather about the fact his wife was likely going to head south with the $50,000 as soon as she had taught herself to walk again.   He said, “I’ll pick up the physio, Alla. You keep what’s left for a rainy day.” Then he said to Dennis, “When you’ve time could you please do me a favor and visit a car dealer and pick out something fancy then go find yourself a big apartment downtown that you’d like the pair of you to live in. Then once you’ve settled in, I’d like to talk to you about opening a business with me.”  Dennis stared at Chendrill, not taking it in at all. He said, “What are you talking about?”   Chendrill told him again, this time filling in the minor detail about the amount of money he now apparently had and watched as Dennis had sat head in hands in silence as Chendrill’s plan for a huge surgery downtown that he’d love Dennis to front once the lawyers had secured his license unfolded.    It was good being Sebastian.   Chendrill left the hospital and headed back over the bridge downtown. He’d played the messages the Italian had sent his girl over and over and backwards. The man was in a bad way, there was no doubt about it. The way he breathed, the way he lost concentration, and the way his temper would burst when he was pleading. But in the background, there was always a lot of other things going on, ambulances and cops flying by, buses passing powered by electrical cables that sparked, people calling out drunken or drugged out nonsense, cars and trucks sitting or honking at lights.   Suzy was right, the man was downtown. But it wasn’t in the core where people shopped and partied and ate expensive meals in franchise restaurants where pretty waitresses with cleavage all asked, “So how’s your night going?” for better tips as they’d been trained to do. The Italian was in the East Side, in a place where no one gave a shit and the man was familiar with, a place where he knew he could hide in plain sight and be close to his women. He was in an area populated with pimps, drug addicts, and prostitutes, along with the insane and the frightened who should never have been offered outside care away from the hospital. He was in a place where no one looked and society tried to sweep under the carpet.  Chendrill drove the Aston and cruised Hastings Street with all the windows open, once and then twice, and then a third time even slower. He stopped at each light and parked, taking in the sounds and ignoring the drug addicts that came over to lean on the car.    From what he could tell, the Italian was on this road and not on any of the others which ran parallel. For the others were one way and from the messages, the traffic flowed both directions. Also, there were constant occurrences of street people fighting or screaming or just plain talking.   But there were a lot of cheap hotels with rooms that covered a section of Hastings Street which ran for at least eight blocks.   He carried on driving, looking at each of the hotels, counting off each one as he did and an hour later, he had it down to just three.   The first was a bigger establishment which looked good if you were booking up via the internet, but most people who did were gone the next day. The next was above an old church and housed the homeless on a monthly basis and the third was along from the charity shop which did the same but was running a ‘no vacancy’ sign and had been for months.   Chendrill parked up and walked up the street, the people leaving him be as he did. He looked at the big poster of Clive Sonic and smiled as he remembered the first night he’d met the man at Sebastian’s. Then he stopped on the opposite side of the road and leaned against the inside of a doorway which smelled of piss. Seconds later, he was out again and that’s when he heard Daltrey’s voice say, “Yeah I did that as well.”  Chendrill turned and smiled, his old friend standing there at the side of a bus shelter staring right at him. How the hell had he not seen her. She said, “You took your time—I was wondering when you would figure it out.”  And how had she? Chendrill thought. What process of elimination had she followed to come to the same place?   He said, “I take it he’s over there then?”  He was. The Italian was up there on the second floor, waiting it out for the police to get bored.   Daltrey said, “Yeah, you see that window on the second floor with the light on, he’s in there.”  Chendrill asked, “How do you know?”   “Because the lady in the pharmacy told me there was this guy with a bad limp who keeps buying painkillers and iodine. And if I had a bad leg and I was hiding, I’d pick a place next to the pharmacy that took cash.”   “That easy?”   Daltrey shrugged. But the truth was it hadn’t been ‘that easy’. She hadn’t slept. After finding Ditcon’s car via CCTV camera recordings as it headed back downtown, she’d lost it in a multi-parking facility opposite the SeaBus terminal along with the guy who everyone thought was Italian except Suzy. She’d then checked all the hospitals and clinics for leg wounds and then every all-night pharmacy in the vicinity until she eventually found one which had sold medication to an Italian-looking middle-aged guy with a limp. That information coming to her quicker than she’d thought it would as soon as she’d started threatening to have methadone licenses pulled for any of the pharmacies she questioned if it turned out they’d neglected to mention a mass murderer had been in their shop. After that, it was a basic similar Q&A on every sleazy no questions asked hotel in the area until eventually she’d made eye contact with a guy who refused to look up. She looked back to the entranceway of the hotel that didn’t even have a name and said, “That and the friendly guy on the desk over there told me.” Then she asked Chendrill, “How did you work it out?”   To which he replied with a smile, “It was easy, I saw you.”   Daltrey said, “He’s in a lot of pain. When the traffic goes quiet for a bit you can hear him calling out.”   Then she said, “I’m waiting to see if his girl turns up. I want to see if Suzy’s as innocent as she seems.”   Chendrill said, “She’s not going to, don’t worry. I spoke with her and I can tell you this relationship has run its course.”   Daltrey looked at him.   “You did, did she know he’s here?”   Chendrill nodded then looking up to the window said, “Not exactly, but he’d been calling her and leaving messages. She turned them over, that’s how I found you.” Then he asked Daltrey. “Any news on the guy you saved, how is he doing?”  It was a good question and one that Daltrey was still trying to get her head around. The guy was fine, if you call being strung out on methadone and quicklime burns after being strangled fine. But he was alive. One thing was troubling her though was that she’d heard the man tell the paramedics his name was Bill. She said to Chendrill, “You know that saying, what goes around comes around?”  Chendrill waited for Daltrey to answer her own question and when she didn’t, he got it. He knew that Daltrey had been looking for a guy whose sister was missing and maybe last night she’d found him. Daltrey although cool on the outside was obviously still hurting bad, but at the same time trying to tough it out rather than take it easy in the way she should have been. He said, “I’m sorry I asked you to get involved. I’ll look into who this guy is, don’t worry.”   Deep down Daltrey was glad Chendrill had gotten her involved but stayed quiet—deep down, she knew meeting the man she’d saved and sitting down with him was on the agenda once she’d dealt with the guy who’d tried to spear her and leave her down his pit. So instead she just looked to the window of the room where the Italian was hiding. Chendrill joined her watching the curtains in the room move in the breeze, then said, “What do you want to do?”   And all Daltrey had to say was, “Let that fucking monster suffer.”   Chendrill looked at her; for someone as tough as Daltrey was, the comment was out of character, he said, “You know it wasn’t him up there who burnt that girl to death.”  And without taking her gaze away from the window, Daltrey replied, “Yeah, I know, but you weren’t in that pit.” *************  Mattia the Italian loan shark woke again and this time he wasn’t sure why he had. He was hot though. The window was open and there was a strong breeze coming in, but he was still really hot—fever hot and his body hurt and his head was aching like a motherfucker. Jesus Christ, he thought. He looked at his phone, but the battery was dead. Then he looked at his stomach to see the bites that were there had gotten worse and turned into what looked like a rash that covered his whole abdomen. Then he saw his crudely bandaged covered in purple from the iodine he’d been pouring onto it. Lines of black were visible, rising below and above the point of impact where Daltrey had swung the spike into it.   Standing, he held onto the wall and hopped towards the bathroom and pulled out another four painkillers from the jar and, taking water straight from the tap, he knocked them back.   That’ll do it, he thought. What he’d have to do was head to the train station and jump on the next train out of town and hit the hospital where his friend from school worked. He’d been here now for at least five days. No one had been around and he had had that call from his brother and his uncle who used to take him fishing. His mother had also called to see if he was okay. It had been good to hear from her. And Suzy, she was coming over soon.   He hobbled back to the window and looked out and then down. The group of guys were there, looking up at him as they always did. He called down to them, “Hey, I know you, you owe me for a fucking block!”   But that’s not what he said—for the man’s words were gibberish and only coherent to himself. The conversations with his family and old friends were just dreams and nightmares from the past and the feeling that Suzy was coming over in her high heels was nothing more than wishful thinking—for the man was dying. His veins slowly filling his body with poison as the infection in his leg boiled his insides away and the septicemia sent bacteria and blood clots into his vital organs as he tried to walk in a daze up and down in his room and out on the street below, dragging his leg as he did. Calling out and blending in with the people who lived on the street, who had seen and heard it all before.   He began to cough, slowly at first and then hard, as he lay back on the bed as many others had in that same room shortly before they had died—some owing him money. Long and harsh rasping coughs that were soon forgotten as the heroin or crack poisoned his predecessors’ veins very much in the same way the poison was now filling his. The guy on the desk below hearing and seeing it all before and making a killing, literally, from one month in advance of rentals handed over by unwitting short-term guests who lived and died amongst the horror that was the downtown East Side.  Still staring at the window Daltrey took a deep breath, then she turned to Chendrill and said, “It’s best we go get him and have the hospital clean the man up so we can ask him who the other poor souls I was treading on in that pit were.”  Then as they were about to cross the road and head up into the seedy hotel where the owner hoped his patrons would die at the start of the month so as he could re-rent the room, the Italian came out into the street. The man shirtless and limping badly, dressed only in his trousers and shoes with no socks. His head shaved, his body and face sweaty, his torso covered in bite marks from the bed bugs which fed off him while he slept.   Chendrill said, “Oh my God.”   Looking back to him, Daltrey said, “Yeah, like I said, he’s been in and out all day. He gets to the end of the block and can’t get any further because of the pain. Then I think he forgets why he’s left the room because he gets confused and starts shouting at people.”   Crossing the road, Chendrill and Daltrey followed. Chendrill in his Hawaiian, Daltrey in her big boots and jeans. Both of them standing out more like cops than ever in this world, where the sick and the helpless lived and read the streets better than they ever could. The Italian reached the end of the block and stood there with his hands against the wall and his head down, breathing hard as the sweat ran into his eyes.   He called out, “Okay, Suzy—let’s go.”   But Suzy wasn’t listening. He tried again—this time calling to a woman standing next to him with her boyfriend in the bright Hawaiian shirt who wasn’t listening either. Sinking down, he dropped to the ground as the pain in his leg overtook his stability and he sat for a moment, then he dropped further and laid down with his back on the sidewalk. His head resting on the ground in amongst the needles, dried puke, and piss. His eyes looking up and seeing nothing—only shapes and streaks of light as his head spun from the poison that flowed through his veins. *************  It was around the same time that Big Carl the tow truck driver felt the poison run through his veins also. Except his poison was not actual or physical—this was the poison of pure fear, that toxic combination of cortisol and adrenaline constricting blood flow and stopping his breath. The source of his fear were the others who shared the tight space within the remand center he could now call home—for a while at least. These men who were far more vile and nastier than him. Men large and small, who’d spent so much of their lives so far in one cage or another that their tough look wasn’t a look at all, it was just what they were and needed to be to survive in their world. These were institutionalized men, who had grown up in a system they no longer feared because most had long ago accepted it as part of who they were—they were it and it was them.  Not like the wannabe gangster who sat with them now, out of his comfort zone and on the verge of tears, a man who’d spent his life driving a tow rig pretending to be the same.  It was just after eight the following morning when Suzy’s husband opened his eyes as he waited in his cell for a lawyer that he hoped his wife would spring for. The cell now suddenly full of men who wanted to know why he was there and wearing women’s flip flops. The leader of the group, being the biggest native Indian Suzy’s husband had ever seen, was the one with the questions.   First, he asked if he was comfortable, then as Suzy’s husband nodded back, he said, “Good, that’s important, you see we like our new friends here to be comfortable.”  The husband who liked to watch his wife get fucked in the ass sitting there still nodding and looking at the man’s size and looking at the pink plastic flip flops on his feet. The big guy watching as he did and asking why he was there.  Suzy’s husband telling him, “I crossed the border.”   “Oh, wow you’re that guy? Great, you’re the guy who’s been bringing terrorists into our country?”  The husband took a deep breath. They weren’t wrong but he didn’t know who was in the van. He was just the guy behind the wheel. They needed to know that. He said, “Yeah, I understand you think that, but I was just the guy who drives—you know, not the guy who arranges it all.”  Then the big guy said, “You eating the food here, though aren’t you? You know, you’re here and you’re a Canuck and that’s cool, but you’re still eating American food?”   Oh, so that’s what it was Suzy’s husband thought, they wanted a tax, they wanted his food for the short time he was going to be there on remand, before his wife or the guy who owned the tunnel sent a lawyer over and fixed it. He said, “I’ve no need for that, there’s water. You take my food or some, you know, I’m cool.”  The big Indian who ran the place then said, “What is it you’re offering? All or some I’m confused.”   “I mean take it all, you can have it all.”   “Cool,” the Indian said with a smile. But it wasn’t over, not by a long shot. He said, “What you got for my friends then?”  That was it, Suzy’s husband thought, he didn’t have anything else to trade. He said, “I can ask the wife to bring some smokes if you want.”   “Sure, that’s great.”   Then the big Indian asked, “You like dogs?”   It was a loaded question and one even the husband’s small brain, which was running at full alert, could pick up on. “Yeah, I like dogs.” Suzy’s husband nodded as he replied, then said it again, “Yeah I like dogs.”  “Big dogs, you like big dogs?”  “Yeah I like big dogs sure.”  “You like little dogs?”  “Yeah I like little dogs.”  “Why did you have the little dog killed then?”   Fuck me, this wasn’t good. How the fuck could this big fucker have heard about this? Suzy’s husband thought. Feeling his stomach rise up into his chest, he said, “You referring to the dog that the guy who was fucking my wife had?”   The big Indian smiled, then said, “Yeah.”   “That wasn’t me,” Suzy’s husband replied as he looked around the cramped cell for a safe passage that was never going to appear. He said, “That was not me, it was my boys. They got carried away that’s all.”  “That’s all?” asked the big Indian.  “Yeah, you know, kids are like that.”  “Yeah,” said the big Indian who’d known Chendrill from when he was a kid and lived on the reserve in Canada and went to the same school. He said, “Sounds like bad parenting.”   Suzy’s husband jumped on this one, throwing his wife under the bus straight away, saying, “Yeah, their mother, she’s been a bad woman you know. Out all the time, at the club while I worked—you know.”  “Worked doing what—bringing terrorists into our country?”   “No, at the docks.”   “Oh,” then the big Native Indian said, “You like gay people?”  He did, yeah—he was liberal, he had gay friends, one had just bought him a house to live in, explained the stripper’s husband as he nodded. Then he heard the big Native Indian standing there with all his friends say, “My friend Bash here, he’s gay you see, and I heard you beat one up, hit him in the head with a baseball bat and fucked him all up?”  Suzy’s husband took another big breath and swallowed. How the fuck did these guys dressed in orange overalls know what had been going down up in Vancouver? He said, “That wasn’t me, no.”   "Your kids?”   “Maybe?”   “Your wife again?”  “Yeah.”   “Bitch, eh?”   “Yeah.”  Then the big Native Indian said, “You like that Clive Sonic guy?”   Suzy’s husband didn’t like him no, in fact he hated the guy, hated his song Bam Bam Love or whatever the hell it was called and he hated seeing pictures of the guy all over town telling him he was going to make changes for good and other stupid shit. He said, “Yeah I like him; he’s good.”  The big Native Indian saying, “What’s that saying he’s got—that slogan?”  “Trust Me.”   “Yeah that’s it—you trust me, do you?”   “Yeah.”   “You trust him, this politician singer guy Clive Sonic as well?”  Suzy’s husband nodded.   Then the big man asked, “You trust him enough to let him fuck your wife in the ass?”   Suzy’s husband stared at the big man with his mouth open—which was now bone dry. He asked, “Why would you say that?”  “Because, I heard through the grapevine you like anal sex.”   Suzy’s husband stayed quiet, he looked at the group and then to the door. Then back to the big Indian with the questions. Then heard the guy say, “You’ve got little feet, I like your shoes.”  Suzy’s husband stared at his feet in the flip flops with the little flowers on the straps and saw that his toenails needed cutting.  “Thanks, it’s all the warden here said they had, so I got lumbered.”   “No, I heard they were a gift from some guy who wears those fancy shirts and drove the truck for that guy whose dog you killed. They say the guy had a courier company deliver them special, just for you.”  Suzy’s husband felt his stomach turn as he looked to the flip flops and put two and two together and came up with Chendrill. The big fucker who’d thrown him through the window for no reason—now the guy was setting him up with an even bigger fucker. Then he heard the big Native Indian say, “My friends like guys with little feet, you know what they say about guys with little feet?”  He did, he’d heard the same joke all his life ever since he’d reached adulthood and his hadn’t grown as they should have. He said, “No.”   “Oh,” said the big Native Indian, then carried on with, “they say guys with little feet like anal sex.”  Suzy’s husband smiled, that was one he hadn’t heard before. He shook his head and said as he tried to make it a joke, “Yeah giving it is good—you know, to girls.”   “To your wife?”  Suzy’s husband smiled and nodded then said, “Yeah, she likes it.”   “Oh? I heard you like it too?”   “Yeah, I like it too—you know, giving it.”  “How about watching, you like that too do you, you get turned on watching a group of guys ploughing down your lady’s alley?”   Suzy’s husband stayed quiet—there seemed nowhere he could go and nothing he could say to change the subject. Then he heard the big Native Indian say, “Well you know, funny thing is, you and I got a lot in common, because I like to watch too. But in this world, there’s one thing I know and it’s that you can’t have everything you want. You can’t be one sided on these things in here, not if we’re all going to be friends.”   Then with a smile that lit up the room, the big Native Indian said, “Especially with you wearing them sexy shoes like you are, I think we’re all going to get to know each other real well—Trust Me.”The End