CHAPTER ONE

The Coont slid the coffin lid away with his white, bony fingers until gravity took over, and he heard the heavy ironwood hit the dusty floor. The coffin lid landing next to the young Lupei boy’s body with a crash. Trying to sit up in one fluid motion the way he’d always liked to do, his back locked halfway as he strained. The vampire feeling the crack of his spine with the second attempt.

He looked around. The room looked different from when he had gone to sleep in the chamber deep below his castle. The old damp stone now flat and painted a creamy beige. He climbed out and unsteady on his feet, shook his cape out, and straightened his collar. His black eyes dry, his skin white and peeling. He called out for his slave, “Igor!” And waited.

But Igor wasn’t coming.

Taking a deep breath, the vampire tried again. The sound of his voice deep and rasping as he called out.

“Igor! Bringeth the blood of a virgin maiden. I needeth thine nectar.”

Then he waited and listened but heard nothing. No distant scurrying of his servant deep within a passageway hurrying on his way to answer his Master’s voice. He called again, this time so loud he felt the room itself shake. “Igorrrrrrrr!”

But no one came. Then he remembered his disciple queens, each one of them at his beck and call, who would always come rushing to his side whenever he felt the whim. Beautiful maidens whose eyes were black with teeth as sharp as their long nails. He called out to them all. “Crina, Doina, Esmeralda, Sorina ... Come to thy Master!”

Waiting again, he heard nothing.

He walked to the room’s door and tried the handle, only discovering it was locked. Not letting go, he ripped the lock from the frame in one swift shrug of his arm and walked out into a larger room that looked out onto a balcony. Sniffing the air for the scent of Igor, he looked around. The man wasn’t there - that was certain - but he had been a few months back. The man’s visits to check his master becoming more and more infrequent as the years had passed by. But now the Coont was out of the ironwood chamber his slave had confined him within, and for this, his slave’s punishment would be death.

He moved on to the glass sliding door which led to the small balcony and shattered its glass with the same ease it would have taken to flick the small catch down to pull it open properly.

Stepping out into the cool night air, the Coont looked about the place. His castle was different, square now instead of round as it had been before Igor had locked him away centuries before. The hill he used to live upon was also now gone. Before, he’d looked down upon the town. Now, it seemed as if he was within its walls and the mountains were far in the distance. Confusing, the Coont thought, as he pulled his tongue from the roof of his dry mouth. He was thirsty, no doubt about it. Before he found Igor and ripped the throat from this slave so full of deceit, he first needed to find a maiden and feed from her blood.

In one stride, he lifted his leg and placed it on the top edge of the balcony’s side barrier. Then, with a flap of his coat, he lifted himself and stood gracefully on the barrier’s top. I shall fly now, he thought, fly until oneself hath found the blood needeth to quench mine thirst. Then I shalt fly again and smell the air until I hath found the slave Igor, who had interned I for so long. Calling out to the world to let them know he was back, he bellowed,

“Mortals taketh heed. Thine Coont be amongest thou!”

Taking his cloak in his spiny fingers and sharp black nails, he held it away from his sides and leaped out into the air. Feeling the wind in his hair, the cloak hit his face as it lifted in the breeze and wrapped itself around his head. The balcony’s railing of the balcony on the tenth floor hitting him next, followed quickly by a branch from a tree near the fourth floor as he plummeted and spun to the ground below.

Hitting the slate grey sidewalk hard, the Coont lay still for a moment. Hiding under cover of his cloak, he waited until the air which had escaped from his lungs returned. Then he stood, rising up from below his black cloak until it fell and hung beside him.

Standing tall and strong, bathed in the night time streetlight, he looked around. The city looking different from the last time he’d been out and about, causing havoc. Flying low centuries before for fun in the night air. Back when the vampire had been in his prime. Buzzing and splitting the township mortals as they panicked beneath. But now though, there was no one around. Just strange buildings and lights and odd, noisy chariots that passed at speed. He moved on towards a pathway. Holding his cloak out to his sides, he began to run, flapping his cloak as he jumped into the air in a bid to take off.

Stopping as he rounded a corner, the Coont looked to a man who stood holding a small wolf to his side. Approaching him, he asked, “Mortal, whereth be the slave whoeth name of birth be Igor?”

The man stared at him, this ghoulish figure wandering alone in the night. The Coont carried on, “Show him to I, thou dark lord, and I will gifteth thee with the immortality the slave once hath.” The man stood there looking to him, unsure as to what this clown had just said. With a whisk of his arm, the Coont spoke again. “Mortal, why do thou standeth without fear?”

The man just stared, trying for the life of him to take in what stood before him. Who on earth was this fool? This theatrical creature with greasy, slicked-back hair, doing a bad job of trying to look like a vampire.

“What are you talking about?”

The Coont stood there trying his best to decipher the language the man who had befriended a wolf and showed no fear of him had replied with. He asked curiously, “Do thou feareth not I will taketh thou blood?” The man stood still, not bothering to answer this clown in his strange suit.

“Thou feeleth thine wolf hath strength enough to protect thou from the demon who cometh in darkness?” the Coont asked as he whipped his cloak around as he spoke for effect. He looked at the dog, who had only the day before run from a cat. He raised his bloodshot eyes once more to the mortal. Then in a blink of an eye, the dog sensed something wrong. He looked up to the demon his master now spoke with. Something changed deep within the animal’s being. A primeval awareness held inside that sensed the true evil that was before him. With a snarl and the hair on its back standing straight, the dog instinctively came at the Coont. The animal yanking the leash at the end of its Master’s arm, half choking itself as it strained, snapping its teeth and violently barking at the demon before it.

Jumping with fright and shock, the man let go of the leash, releasing the dog. Using all its power, the dog was on him. In an instant, the Coont’s own instincts came alive as he watched the dog run at him. Hearing the animal’s ferocious snarl and the scraping of its claws on the sidewalk as it approached. Then suddenly, crossing the short space between them in mere seconds, the dog was there. Stepping to one side, the Coont raised his right hand and brought it down sharply as the dog jumped towards his chest. His hand powerfully sweeping through, severing the dog’s head with his long blade-like fingernails in one fell swoop.

Empowered by the kill, the Coont slowly drifted up into the air and hovered only a few feet from the pathway where the dog lay still. He looked down to the man who now stood in disbelief. Calmly the Coont said,

“I needeth the blood a maiden shalt provide. For should I drink thou blood, stomach irritations cometh to oneself of dire consequence.”

Then he was off again drifting in the night, hovering above the bike lane that ran along the water’s edge. He sniffed at the night air that smelt different from any other he’d breathed before. Oil and sulfur, with the mix of humans’ breath. He could hear them all around him now, these mortals sleeping in giant monoliths that rose full of light from the stone floor. What was this place? the vampire wondered. This strange township touched by a lake where, so far, the townsfolk showed him no fear.

Floating high, he took the path above the trees and looked down into a small field. Below a young couple, sitting together on the grass, looked out across the water as they smoked from a large reed which they shared. The maiden young and virgin-like with her long golden hair. The boy slightly built, covering his eyes with his strange hat and wearing outlandish clothes of color that were loose and did not fit.

The Coont dropped down between the trees as he had so many times before when the mere sight of him would have created panic and the pointless heroics from a lover who knew his life was about to end, but did not care.

They stared at him as he floated there just a foot or so from the ground. The girl holding the joint and blowing rancid smoke towards the Coont. Its strange smell making his chest wheeze. Then, not closing her eyes with the slightest of blinks and without a look to her lover, she simply said the word.

“Wow?”

And it was a wow - a great, big, huge marijuana-loaded spliff, fresh and home-grown from a basement in Surrey, mixed with a tab of ecstasy. Wow!

The boy watched the Coont as he floated in all his old-world fifteenth-century glory. The vampire looking at him with eyes as bloodshot as his own eyes would be after a full night of DJ worship. The kid doing acid along with a barrel full of ecstasy until there was no bottled water left to spare and dawn came around. For the second time that night, the Coont asked,

“Doeth thy fear I not, mortal?”

As he held his hand out, pointing his blood-stained fingers at the boy, the boy saying straight back,

“You what?”

Without missing a beat, the Coont demanded as the wind rustled the leaves in the trees above.

“Taketh I toeth Igor!”

Then suddenly, purely without reason and running on instinct, the vampire struck, moving fast as he flew across the short grass. Reaching the boy, his talons ripped out the young man’s throat as he came to rest in front of the girl. Lifting his hand, he called to her,

“Cometh hither, young maiden.”

His dark eyes staring into hers, holding her to his spell. The girl looked back at him, meeting his gaze as black as coal. The girl feeling his power, need, and unspoken calling that radiated from within him. Slowly she came to him as she smelled the musty cloak that hung from his shoulders. Unconsciously she twisted her head, revealing her neck to him. Leaning down, the Coont placed his bony fingers upon the girl’s neck, sank his sharp white teeth into the young girl’s flesh, and drew her blood. The vampire tasting the iron, the marijuana, and the five tabs of ecstasy she’d done that afternoon which flooded her veins and mind.

He drank with the thirst of a demon who had not drunk in six hundred years. The drugs hitting home, just as they had hit the same young girl who hadn’t been bit on the neck as hard as this, since taking a ride in the back of a limo on prom night.

“Oh, behold what feeling cometh to I now, maiden!” said the Coont, as his head spun. He began to feel warm and cosy and in love with everything and anything about the mortal world he hated with a passion. The girl looking back at him, feeling no care for the blood running in two small streams from the incisor holes in her neck. Nor for the boy she’d now been in a relationship with since midnight, after he’d failed to roofie her properly and started chatting, nonetheless.

“Hey, you’re bleeding from your mouth?” the girl, who went by the name of Carol, said as she looked up at the vampire.

He was, but so was her boyfriend. The guy bleeding out behind her, the poor kid reaching out at something only he could see. With a smile, the Coont told her, “Your blood cometh to I with satisfaction great!”

Carol also liked it when her blood was just like it was right now, full to the brim with a cocktail of love and happiness that would make even a lifer in a Gulag glad to be alive.

The Coont still smiling as he watched her boyfriend breathe his last breath. The girl then saying, “You’re really beautiful.” The Coont was, at least in his eyes, beautiful in the way he moved, beautiful in the way he kept himself in style, and beautiful in the way he flew through the night in search of his prey. And now he had found just that, and it was exactly to his liking. A young and fresh maiden, with blood that made him feel better than he had ever felt before.

But where was he? the Coont thought as he looked to the girl. He said,

“Feareth not, for thou will behold I once more.” Then with a flap of his cloak, the Coont sailed up high through the trees into the night sky. Breathing in deep, he stopped, floating in the night air alongside a high-rise tower. He felt good. Wow, he felt good. But where on earth was he? He moved off, following the shoreline and headed towards the Lions Gate Bridge. Then like a bird floating on the breeze, he rose up and up. Rising parallel with the bridge’s turrets until he reached the top.

Landing on the bridge’s peak, he stood there feeling the cold wind in his perfectly groomed hair. Looking around he surveyed the city, with its tall towers and lights rising up from the earth.

Taking in a deep breath of air he had never smelled before through his nose, he called out, his voice bellowing once more into the night,

“Igor! ... Igoooor ... cometh to I, o servant!”



