CHAPTER TWO

Igor stood on the balcony of his huge West Vancouver mansion. Holding his violin, he played along to a soft concerto recording drifting out through the open doors from his music center in the living room. The vampire’s voice, whom he knew so well, interrupting the melody as the Coont butted in again. The voice of his Master, who had given him immortality some six hundred years ago.

Goddamn it, Igor thought. What on earth had gone wrong? How had the Coont managed to escape? Putting down his violin, he walked back into the living room and picked out from a cabinet the Cuban cigar he’d been saving, lit it, and took a deep pull. He’d had him locked down tight in his coffin made from ironwood. The vampire tucked away, firmly secured in the basement of a small house near the water for the last one hundred and fifty-odd years.

Six months before though, he’d moved him. Stashing the Coont away in the bedroom of a condo he’d purchased while the small house by the water was being renovated.

Why, why, why, did I not just bring him here, put him in the cellar, and endure the inevitable constant goddamn moaning that came with it? Igor asked himself as he subconsciously felt the scars that ran across his face and neck. Scars that ran deep. Great warrior scars deservedly earned in the battles he had fought. Scars that made their way down the length of his body, spreading out viciously throughout his torso and limbs.

Taking the Cuban from his lips, he heard the Coont’s voice once again echo through the night air as he called out his name.

Well, the demon was out now, he thought, and he wasn’t going to stop. It was a double-edged sword. Ignore him, and the vampire could perish in the daylight - and himself shortly after. Or answer and deal with him again whilst he was out until he could find a way to lock him back down again. If the Coont would let him live, that is ... Taking a deep breath, he closed his eyes and knowing that this could very well be the last night he would have in this world, he called out,

“Yes, Master.”

************

The Coont was looking to the east and worrying about the sun as it came around, gently lighting the sky in the distance. Still standing upon the top of the Lions Gate Bridge, he drew a sigh of relief as he heard his servant’s voice. He looked towards the glittering lights running up the side of the mountains that swept down to the sea below. Then, he called back towards the source of his servant’s voice,

“Igor, moveth not - I command thou!”

Then with the front of his cape in either hand, he jumped again out into the night. Swooping as the air filled his vampire’s cape, gliding him away from the bridge as the cars passed below and down towards the inlet’s dark water.

************

Igor paced the length of the long balcony that gave an unsurpassed view of the bay and the tall suspension bridge from where his Master had just called him from. This was it, he thought, as he felt the panic begin to build within. It wasn’t good. The vampire was going to kill him for what he had done. There could be no escaping it.

Stopping, he looked up into the night sky as the figure of the vampire who had saved him from the horror of death and gifted him with eternal life glided in and landed sodden on the deck.

Before Igor could say a word, the Coont, in complete confusion, was there with him. The vampire smiling, high on ecstasy and unnaturally happy via the drugs that flowed within Carol’s succulent blood.

Pacing towards him along the mansion’s wooden deck and leaving a trail of water behind him, the Coont stared at the still unfamiliar surroundings. Reaching Igor, he smiled with delight, showing his fangs.

“Igor, friend, an earthly time I hath wait, where art thou? Open up mine place of rest, hath thou not?” the Coont asked as the overwhelming feeling of happiness and love the vampire felt shone through.

Not answering for the moment, Igor swallowed. How many centuries had it been since he’d seen this vampire’s face? The demon now right there next to him. The white skin and evil bloodshot black eyes of his Master as familiar to him now as they had been centuries before.

“Mine voice calleth for thou, Igor!”

Staying silent, Igor looked to the deck as the water dripped down upon it from the vampire’s cloak.

“Disturbed was I, whilst I rest slave, Lupei men who wisheth to destroy us cometh, Igor. I hath calleth thou, answer I though, thou not?”

The Coont stopped talking for a moment. He stared out across the long garden to the lights of the houses in the distance, and then further out across the bay. He looked back and focused on Igor’s’ face. He studied it for just a moment before saying, “Slave, in battle thou hath been?”

Igor nodded. He had indeed, centuries before, that is. Then he lied, saying, “Yes, they came for you, Master. Yet I did not let them pass. This is why you ...”

But the Coont could not care less as to what his slave had to say as his usual self-absorbed character broke through the chemicals. In instant dismissal, he quickly said,

“Where art thy castle? I findeth myself confused, slave. This lodging where I standeth be unfamiliar. These giant towers I see standing distant shed light without flame? I see chariots witheth flame also moveth like the wind, yet bare - no horses to propel?”

Staying uncomfortably silent, Igor shuffled in his soft leather loafers. The scars covering his face now hurting again for the first time in years. This wasn’t normal. Where was the Coont of yesteryear? The same vampire who, just on instinct, would take the life of a slave for the slightest wrongdoing.

Taking his time, the Coont stared at Igor’s feet first, then to his designer jeans and T-shirt with its wild horses’ motif running across his chest. Smiling he said, “Battle-scarred as a warrior ist thou slave, but thou dress as a jester. There are horses which run upon thou!”

And a warrior being exactly what Igor was, despite the nice comfy loafers and horses on his designer shirt. The man who, even before he was granted the inhuman strength immortality awarded him, had wielded a battle sword of such immense weight that a man of these times would barely be able to lift, let alone swing one-handed.

“You are wet, Master. How did you survive water?”

Shaking the water from his cloak, the Coont looked to his slave and smiled, almost ignoring the question.

“To sayeth the truth I hath found myself in water slave, yes. For though I findeth luck, I am still here. Mine heart feeleth as joyous as though I hath just slaughtered a village and drank the blood from a hundred virgin maidens, Igor, yet I have doneth neither.”

“Your thirst has been quenched, Master. This brings you happiness, maybe?”

“I hath drank the blood of a virgin maiden slave and severed the head of a wolf and the throat of a maiden’s protector, yes. Yet that is of little reason to bring to oneself this joy and exhilaration I feel.”

Joy? Igor thought as he looked at the Coont’s cloak dripping on his cedar deck. Happy was good, a lot better than the quick decapitation he’d been expecting, that was certain. The Coont was though now in unfamiliar territory, so maybe he was playing it out and waiting. Then the talons that had ripped through a thousand jugulars would start swinging. Keeping up his already jovial tone, he heard the Coont ask again,

“Where art thou, mine slave? For an eternity, I findeth oneself locked in mine new place of rest.”

And an eternity it had been, as after one night, centuries before, the Coont had returned from flying. The vampire feeling the atmosphere change as the new sun drew air currents that birds knew so well.

He’d reached his old castle sitting high and proud upon a hill. Where within he’d walked the darkened, damp passageways, to lie down within his chamber lined with gold. The vampire ready to hide himself away in the darkness, guarded by Igor, his cursed slave, while he slept.

Igor, who had once been mortal, was now stuck within the dark side forever. He had sworn to protect his demon Master from the few men or women with courage enough to come armed with swords and stakes, fervent on ending his reign of evil.

Igor standing strong centuries before. Back when the warrior had guarded his Master and his Master’s hoarded gold. Stacking it in piles around the coffin where he slept as the sun rose and touched the castle’s turrets. The vampire lord settling in and sleeping, day after day, year after year after, having flown and drank a virgin maidens’ blood.

Igor taking guard as the sun tried to penetrate through the castle’s stone. The slave serving his Master, standing loyal and dependable throughout, as he coveted the demon who trusted him and had given him immortality.

But then his time had come, and the new coffin had arrived.

“Ironwood,” he’d told his Master with delight as he’d followed the vampire’s flowing cloak through the tunnels beneath the castle. The Coont’s newest victims now changed into demon vampires themselves, clinging with their sharp-clawed fingers to the crevices and corners of the tunnels’ ceilings.

“From the South Pacific, your new place of rest cometh, Master. It will last you forever as it is as strong as iron and its inside warmer and more luxurious than you’ll have ever felt before.”

And it was warm and dry, smelling of saffron and coconut and passion fruit. Its inside fresh and clean. Gold coins lay scattered upon its lined cushioned silk interior. The silk as red as the fresh blood that dripped from the Master vampire’s lips as he’d laid down upon it to rest and sleep the day away.

That, though, now seemed like an age ago. For as much as the vampire had called and demanded his release, the ironwood coffin’s lid had remained closed.

So, this was it, Igor thought, as he took a deep breath. The vampire had been playing nice, but any second, he would change. His eyes would suddenly flash red, and he’d hiss and spit as the snarl of his fangs showed true. Then the Coont would be on him, and that would be that. With an awkward shuffle, Igor put his cigar down and said,

“You know it was for your own safety.”

“Why thy speaketh in this tongue so strange, slave? And where be mine castle? I need to sleep,” the Coont said. He stared Igor for a moment curiously before looking back towards the bridge and the beginning of dawn. Then he turned back.

“Before the light cometh and burn mine flesh! Taketh I toeth thy castle chamber wreathed in gold, so that I not becometh ash and thou die also a sudden mortal’s death.”

A sudden mortal’s death, Igor thought as he felt the chill run through his body. He watched the Coont parade about his deck as though he owned it. It was a good point and nicely put for once also. Igor certainly didn’t need sudden death, not now or any time for that matter. Having been though one once already, centuries before, and in the process he’d become completely terrified of it happening again. The Coont speaking the simple truth of the matter right there as he dripped water and stared confused at the window glass. The vampire again holding all the cards now that he was free.

The vampire saving Igor from the demons that came in death, gifting him immortality on the battlefield centuries before. The Coont leaning over the warrior’s dead body, spitting mouthfuls of blood and saliva into Igor’s mouth. Choking him with phlegm until he’d released the man from the demonic torture which awaited him and returned him to the world he knew.

The vampire had returned Igor’s life which he’d then owned. A life only the Coont could take away. Unless the Coont perished himself, that is, after which Igor’s shared fate would soon follow.

With a hand that gestured for the Coont to follow him inside the mansion, Igor said, “Follow me, my Master. I have prepared your place of rest.” Turning as they came inside, Igor carried on, “You look well, Master, the long sleep has done you justice.”

“Speaketh again thou hath in strange tongue, slave. Is it French thou speaketh with twisted words?”

They entered the mansion’s huge living room and walked through, reaching the bottom of the staircase which led down into the foyer. The Coont looked around at the two huge chandeliers which hung either side of the stairs and the strange pictures of women and landscapes which lined the walls as he walked across the marble floor. He turned to Igor and asked, “Thy maidens, their place of resting be within thine strangeth castle?”

“No, Master, they are not. They are women who have left this world.”

The women in the paintings now long gone, as were the starving artists who had carefully painted them with incredible skill. Hungry artists who in death had now become world-renowned masters only too happy in life to receive the gold coins the man with scars had bestowed upon them for their work centuries before.

“I thirst for thy virgins’ blood, slave. Bringeth thy maiden violinist from the orchestra that playeth now.”

Igor took another deep breath and listened to his music center as it still played the violin concerto he’d been listening to. He kept walking as he looked at the water dripping onto his mansion’s floor.

But there were no maidens playing in an orchestra close by or locked in the dungeon, crying whilst they laid upon a straw bed as there had been centuries before when the vampire had roamed free. Long gone were the days when the larder was full, and the Coont was feared yet accepted within the primitive society that lived within flying distance from the Coont’s castle. Back then, when Igor had built lairs and slept amongst nests full of the Coont’s blood-sucking disciples. Days where he could patiently wait for the sun to set before he knew they all would leave the castle upon the hill and sweep freely down to terrify and feed whilst the Coont sought out and took a maiden as he pleased.

They reached the other end of the large marble-floored foyer, passing a dark TV room. Seeing a large buxom lady upon the giant-size flat-screen TV against the wall, the Coont stopped.

“What be this witchcraft that thee performeth, slave?”

This was a tough one, Igor thought, as he cursed himself within for leaving a movie on. It was obvious - the longer he was up and about, the more questions he’d be asking. Before he could answer, the Coont made another demand.

“This maiden with suckling breast I see, bringeth her now!”

“I will find one soon, Master,” Igor said as he bowed his head and gestured towards the garage door. They entered, Igor leading, the Coont following majestically even though he was still wet.

The garage was large with a top-of-the-line black Mercedes sitting to one side and a gold-colored Tesla SUV with a roof rack and black roof box attached in the center.

“Here, not a maiden do I smell, slave?” said the Coont as he stared in awe at the two cars and the long coffin-like roof box on the top of the SUV.

“My place of sleep rises from thou earth now upon this plinth of gold, slave?”

“Yes, Master,” Igor replied.

“My gold, I find it hereth, now?”

“Yes, Master,” Igor replied, lying. The Coont walked over and trailed his hand along the Tesla’s wing and hood. Looking at the wheels, he turned to Igor.

“For what reason the plinth holds wheels upon this ground, slave?”

“Escape, Master. I fear the Lupei may cometh again,” answered Igor in a language that he had long forgotten. The Coont nodded. He got it now. There was a reason he’d picked this slave up off the land as he’d lay tormented in death and given him immortality. It was not only for his loyalty and fighting skills but for his cunning also. This cunning served him well when the villagers and the Lupei family had come in angry determination carrying stakes.

With a swoop of his wet cloak, the Coont rose up and landed, unknowingly denting the hood of the Tesla with his weight. Touching the roof box, he prodded and poked at its sides. Speaking without looking to Igor, he said, “Toucheth such fiber I have yet to, slave, of what substance be this place thou wisheth I to rest?”

“Gold, Master,” Igor answered, lying.

Igor walked to the side of the SUV and, with his large frame, reached up and undid the side catches to the car’s roof box. Reaching inside, he pulled out his skis and boots and put them on the floor. Looking down, the Coont stared at them in confusion and then back to the inside of the roof box.

“Of what strangeth tools does thou keep in mine place of sleep, slave?”

“They are for you, Master.”

“Shoes I am not of need, slave.” The Coont then looked to the inside of the car roof box again, its strange, molded plastic inside empty and ribbed for strength.

“Mine silk and coinage of gold, slave, where be eth?”

“It’s in your old one, Master. Come sleep now, I will bring it to you.”

The Coont looked about, the fluorescent strip only yards from his face, burning brightly, wrapping him in artificial daylight. Closing his eyes and frowning, he said, “Thy sun hath toucheth mine face, but doth not burn, slave?”

“It is a lamp, Master.”

“No flame smoke for a lamp? For where art thee flame, it is not for mine eye to behold?”

Igor stepped forward and with a smile gestured his hand to the inside of the plastic roof box.

“Sleep, Master. You are tired.”

He was tired. The Coont could not deny that, even if he had been asleep for six hundred years. The flying had exhausted him, as had hitting the ocean, luckily doing the impossible and rising back out and up in a wet cloak. But he’d done it, and he’d found Igor, good old dependable slave, Igor. The warrior he’d saved from death after a short mortal life full of disease and hardship.

The coffin didn’t look comfortable with its ridges and shining silver, but it would be good to lay down. Turning, he looked back to Igor.

“Virgin maidens of two I will hath upon awakening, slave. I commandeth thee!”

And Igor nodded obediently as he had so many times, many, many, years before and lied, “Yes, Master; two virgin maidens will be waiting.”



