
CHAPTER THREE

Igor waited until the Coont had climbed into the roof box and settled before he closed the lid and locked it down firmly. He stepped back and looked at the water from the vampire’s cloak pooled in the new dent on the hood of the Tesla. Well, going skiing in the morning was now out the window, he thought as he stared for what seemed an age at the coffin-like roof box that now held the vampire who had given him eternal life. If you can call living amongst evil and bowing to the vampire’s every whim while he was free, a life that is.

But what a life it had been since he’d had the ironwood coffin made. Igor, clamping down the lid of the new coffin so tight, the way he had all those centuries ago, so as the freak could not escape. The Coont settling down to sleep in the pitch-black darkness, all comfy and warm. The vampire completely naïve to the fact that he wouldn’t be getting back out anytime soon.

Then for months after, in the daylight hours, Igor had walked the cold, damp tunnels and catacombs of the Coont’s castle, the warrior armed with his long sword at his side and a satchel full of stakes. Stakes purposely cut from the same ironwood he’d purchased from the carpenters and had delivered along with his Master’s gift of a newly made casket.

Feeling the water drip from the stone above, landing across his face and down his neck, Igor had hunted within the lairs. Lairs full of the Coont’s victims whom the vampire had preyed on. Sucking their blood, drinking the life away from those he’d picked. Humans who had once been free and beautiful. Mortals turned into disciples by the Coont or any of the vampire disciples the Coont had himself created, who in turn carried on the cycle of evil.

Disciples who had lived back then. Hiding in the darkness of the Coont’s castle’s tunnels in their cursed afterlife. Vampires now themselves with their white skin and eyes as red as the blood they spilled.

Demons that hung or lay flat against the damp, stone-clad ceiling or tucked deep in hidden crevices. Fiends that came at Igor with fury, biting and clawing him as he’d plucked them from crevices with his sword. Bloodthirsty vampires that attacked, before he’d wrestled them to the ground and staked their now black hearts. Vampires he’d fought and dragged one by one, day by day, month by month, kicking and screaming out into the sun, so as he could watch them perish to ash.

The villagers who lived close to the castle hearing the vampires’ screams as Igor removed them from their world. This warrior who had once lived amongst them and had fought side by side with them in battle. This warrior whom they had seen brought down and killed by a child on the battleground now alive again and killing the demons he now lived amongst.

Then, as the screams of the young maidens and men who had lost their chance at life died away, Igor had sat alone. Alone in a castle with its high turret that lay upon the hill. Hearing only the happiness below and the muffled voices as he would pass through villages for food.

All who lived there, young and old, knowing who he was and how he had been their savior. All grateful for this and allowing him passage. Igor the warrior, big and strong, disfigured from his battles against evil, sitting alone at the helm of the Master vampire’s carriage he now steered.

The man with the scars watching the crowds and the Lupei family as they stood amongst those who waved and smiled. The Lupei family still out to take the Coont’s life, despite knowing what the man with scars had done for them. This man, who now sat alone.

And so they came, reaching the castle at the top of the hill, carrying their stakes and their swords. The Lupei family vehement in their desire to sacrifice Igor’s life as they pierced the sleeping Coont’s cold black heart and turned him to ash.

But Igor stood strong as a warrior, large and brave. The man with scars holding his sword, which he’d use to take these brave villagers down. Young men sent from within a family who refused to accept the compromise of imprisoned evil which Igor now offered. The Lupei family only wishing to rid the world of the Coont and the evil he represented.

And there, Igor had sat alone in his castle at the top of the hill as the years passed. Playing his violin and watching young men grow old and die. The Lupei family becoming larger as brothers married sisters, and as these new families grew, the attacks against the man who could not die became stronger.

Then as the months turned into years, decades became centuries, the truth about the man who played violin and lived alone turned to myth and legend.

************

As the world changed and opened up, Igor decided it was time for him to join it. With the Coont still locked away and closely hidden by his side, Igor set sail for a far-off world.

Moving with the Coont secured in his ironwood coffin at the center of a carriage and his bars of gold hidden in chests surrounding him, Igor passed through lands. Knowing that anyone who came too close would feel the evil that lay within. The man staying briefly in cities he’d only heard of years before by name.

The man who was now cursed with immortality moving slowly towards the ocean and crossing it without fear. The man with the scars travelling onwards to a place where he could then walk free. Free from the past, free from the Lupei family who still came for the Master vampire he protected with relentless passion.

************

He settled at the bottom slopes of the coastal mountains that swept down from the clouds. A then remote district. A long way and across the water from the new bustling city emerging in Vancouver, Canada. Ten gold bars were more than enough to purchase the land and construct the mansion he now called home.

And there he sat in his mansion which reached up out from the forest with its large balcony. A home just far enough away from the small cottage on the water Igor had also built, wherein its deep basement he’d secretly housed the Coont.

There Igor had lived on the side of the mountain overlooking the water. Playing his violin to the trees and the snows that came and surrounded him in the wintertime. His only fear being the bears and mountain lions that inhabited the land he now owned.

The twentieth century came as so many before had, and soon a bridge came with it. A bridge that opened the land of West Vancouver to the people who wanted more than the holiday cottages that lined the beach.

Slowly, the bears and mountain lions moved further up the mountain and away from Igor’s secluded tranquility as civilization began to encroach and wake the Coont from his long, long sleep.

“Igor, slave, Igor,” the Coont would call out from the depths of the cottage by the water.

Igor hearing his Master’s anger, his frustration, and his thirst. The ironwood holding strong as the vampire kicked and pushed until he gave up and would sleep again. Slowly more houses and streets rose up from the land. Trees that had stood tall and proud were cut, falling to this earth to be dragged away to the ocean.

Families came next as the years wound on and their relatives grew. One school became two and then three and onwards as two wars came and went, and another century passed.

Then six months ago, by chance, as Igor played the Stradivarius he had bought centuries before, his talent had been discovered. A school mistress hearing a violin played like she had never heard it before, as Igor had stood alone one evening on a beach playing to the stars.

“Come play at the school,” she’d asked. “Come play at our beautiful hall.”

After much cajoling, Igor had succumbed and agreed to appear at the school with its small concert hall, where he would play quietly, while a select few listened. The same local school music hall which had been paid for years before by a man covered in scars who had lived for centuries. A place where Igor had himself sat as the students played their music, and parents sat in awe as they listened, while bored siblings fidgeted.

A place where Igor would now soon play himself as he worked his ancient violin to the small crowd in a harmony no one had ever heard before.



