CHAPTER FOUR

Sorin Lupei sat upon the bed of the shitty motel room on the east side of Vancouver as his cousin Cristi paced from one side of the room to the other. Both boys in shock from what had just happened. Their cousin Philippe now missing after telling them he’d followed the man with scars to an empty condo on the other side of town which housed an ancient ironwood coffin.

The young man, in doing so, possibly having just won his place of recognition on the Lupei family tree.

The two boys now in silence, ignoring their phones. Both inwardly shaking and rueing the fact they had been born into an ancient family who pestered them now. A family with a custom of attempting to hunt down and kill a silent demon and his slave. An evil - who, until recently, had seemed little more than folklore.

The Lupei family hunting for centuries. Roaming the cities of Europe armed with swords and stakes. Following bullshit leads of sightings of the man with the scars or the Coont in his cape. Just as the boys were now. Except, this time around they had actually found him, and one of them was possibly dead.

It had all started with a chance encounter - an internet site showing stolen footage of a great violinist playing to a select few in a school concert hall. The Lupei family now drawn together with delight in knowing that they had once again found the man with scars.

The excitement spreading as one family member had called the other, quickly sending word across all of Romania, until the last to know were the boys who had been hand-picked to go and hunt the man down.

Sorin Lupei sat at the end of the bed and stared at the silverfish as they skirted around on the carpet that smelled. For the last few years, he’d been half expecting to be sent off on some wild-goose chase to some fancy European city in the hunt for the Coont and his slave. The truth was, though, he had been hoping it would have been London or Paris or somewhere he could hang out and feel cool. Just as some of his uncles had back in their prime and now bragged about.

He looked again to the centuries-old photographed painted picture of Igor. The man standing tall and proud, holding his long sword in his hand without the scars that now covered his body. Months before, he’d died in battle, only to be then resurrected like Jesus.

Placing the picture at the bottom of the pile, Sorin looked at the next picture, entitled, Champs-Elysées — 1847. The now faded photograph showing Igor playing his violin as he stood in a crowd in Paris by the Arc de Triomphe. The lined scars visible across his face, his clothes of the finest quality for the era.

Placing it on the bed, Sorin looked to the next, showing the man in London, entitled, Serpentine 1848. The man with scars playing his violin by the lake. He flipped to the next, this time the same man now in Vancouver nearly two hundred years later, playing his violin in a school. The man’s face with the same scars as identifiable as a thumb print and not showing a single sign of aging. Looking to him, Cristi said,

“Why’d you keep looking at them? You know it’s him.”

But Sorin couldn’t help himself. Just a week ago, he had been sitting with his cousin Philippe in a café near his home in the outskirts of Borsa, Romania. Sorin with one hand on the thigh of a young lady and the other on his designer coffee. His only concern being whether he’d be able to get lucky.

Then the uncles had arrived with the news. Bursting in and ruining the romance. Pissing off Philippe with their cheesy exaggerated smiles and laughter. Telling them both how they were about to make the family proud. Boasting loudly so that all the café could hear how he, Philippe, and some cousin named Cristi, they’d yet to meet from Bucharest, were going to track down and kill this ‘vampire demon’ and his slave. But now Philippe was missing.

“The monster has been found. He is in Canada; he is a violinist now, Sorin,” his uncles had told him as they’d sat in the café at the side of the mountain. Excitedly poking him with their hands and hitting him with spittle as they spoke and for once ignoring the girl.

But Sorin had stopped listening, the kid now wondering where the hell Vancouver was. Philippe, sitting with him, doing much the same. The straight A’s student, who was now missing, all embarrassed as he looked out of the window. Closing his eyes one second and opening them the next as his uncles rattled on and on loudly with bravado. Telling the world and anyone else who would listen as to how they would slay this Master vampire. Even though they were to have little else to do with the family mission other than shooting off their mouths back then, and bombarding the boys now with their phone calls.

Fuck it, we should just go home. Let those pricks come deal with it, Sorin thought, as he sat there inside the stinking motel room on a sticky bed. He stared at his phone as it vibrated.

Letting out a deep breath once the phone went quiet, he looked up at his remaining cousin, who didn’t seem to give a care. The guy making Sorin feel like a farmhand, standing there in his trendy snakeskin shoes and tight jeans. His hair slicked back in perfect tramlines, full of the shiny oil product Sorin had seen when he’d nosed through his bag. Taking command, Sorin said,

“We should just go back.”

But this cousin Cristi with his perfect hair, wasn’t going anywhere. Shaking his head, Cristi Lupei looked to Sorin.

“Go, and when you are home, you can listen to our uncles for the rest of your life tell you what they would have done.”

Sorin turned his head back to the floor and looked at the silverfish. The small, skinny insects with little legs and big antennae. Seemingly slow until Sorin tried to stamp the life out of them.

His cousin Cristi was right. If he went home now, he’d be called ‘Sorin the coward’ or ‘Sorin the vampire runner.’ Some bullshit like that, which he’d have to wear for eternity. Even though the closest the men who’d be calling him that had ever came to Coont Draculi and his slave were the pictures he now held in his hand.

“And don’t forget about the gold,” Cristi then said as he stared purposefully at Sorin.

Yes, the gold, Sorin thought. It was another part of the big myth he’d listened to by the fire as a child.

“If there is any, that is.”

But there was gold, and Cristi knew it only too well. As his side of the family had been living off it for centuries.


