CHAPTER FIVE

There had been a few things Igor had learned to do and learned to do well since he’d arrived in Vancouver, and skiing was one of them. His mansion was built at the foot of British Columbia’s coastal mountains. So, he had not had to wait long before a small ski hill had been developed.

With the wooden skis the newly arriving Europeans bought with them strapped to his feet, and his strength and inability to die, Igor had quickly mastered the sport. The winters and the ample snow that came, giving good reason for the man with scars to get away from the whining of his Master, locked within his ironwood tomb.

Soon, small tow ropes grew larger and evolved into chairlifts and gondolas, giving much pleasure to the man with the scars. A man who could ski menacing terrain freely, knowing he could only die at the hands of the vampire who had given him immortality.

The car taking him to the bottom of the slopes changing as quickly as the hills themselves changed. The skis also changing as time wore on, helping the humans carve deep into the snow or ice as they wound themselves down the mountainside.

Skis carried up the mountainside stuffed into the back of cars or into tidy, nicely designed roof boxes. Boxes shaped by über-hip techno guys in Sweden, such as the coffin-shaped one the Coont was now contained within, sealed in the darkness, upon the top of Igor’s newly bought gold colored electric car.

Sealed ... except for a minute, tiny little hole, courtesy of a steel ball bearing. Released weeks before, from a pompous real estate broker’s hand. A hand that had contained many other ball bearings he’d thrown as he drove himself down the winding road that dropped away from the freezing level above.

The man who liked to name his dick, digging into his little supply of deadly ammo he kept in a box at the side of his seat. Taking ball bearings, a handful at a time and launching them in the direction of any car he felt had disrespected him. Propelling them from inside his fist via the sunroof or side window of his Mercedes, which he’d open despite the cold and rain. Whipping them out at just the right time like small shinning missiles. Missiles that would bounce once or twice on the tarmac before hitting their mark in the windshield if he was lucky or leave their mark in the paintwork, gifted from a man who should have known better.

The ball bearing smacking the front of Igor’s roof box with the same ferocity as the stone a young man named David once used to take down his foe. The same year, the Coont had also come kicking and screaming into this world.

The vampire felt the early morning sun as it began to bake the plastic of the roof box he lay within. The Coont rocking from side to side, as Igor drove his electric chariot of gold back down the hill towards the small cottage set alone in its own grounds by the water.

The cottage where the Coont had laid hidden away from the world. A small dwelling made from stone, with its basement dug deep into the cold granite to hide the evil that slept within. A place where no birds flew, and no animals roamed. A home that radiated evil, which children spoke of in whispers and whose bravest never found the courage to venture near.

A home purposely separated, acres apart from any neighbors. Far away from those who needed sugar or felt a yearning to inquire about the endless space they would love to own, which in the future they could exploit.

The Coont feeling sick for the first time in his life as the ecstasy and cocaine-riddled blood filled his stomach. The sun piercing through the tiny ball bearing chipped hole at the foot of the top box like a laser.

And like a laser it came, moving in one direction and then the other as Igor weaved his way down the hill towards the water. The car swerving along the tight, narrow backroad as he twisted from left to right and back again. The Coont staring through what tight space he had to the sunlight that burnt his bloodshot beady eyes with its glare. The vampire, who had been stuck in a ironwood coffin for nearly six hundred years, once again trapped inside another. This time built from composite plastic by children in China.

The pinhole laser beam switching directions as quickly as the Coont could move his feet in his leather shoes which seemed to never grow old. And then, just as the Coont felt he was safe as the chariot of gold drove under the shadow of a huge maple, the tiny speck of sunlight appeared again. God’s own natural laser beam, bursting through and piercing an instant hole straight through the top of the Coont’s foot. The sunlight slicing through the shoe and severing the toes of his right foot straight from his ancient body.

Igor hit Marine Drive and had his arm out of the window when he first heard the Coont’s cries and smelled the familiar stench of smoke which came from a vampire’s burning flesh.

Oh shit, the lid’s opened, was Igor’s first thought, as he wondered how long it would take before the demons came for him again, if the Coont was, in fact, dying. But no, the Coont was still screaming at the top of his voice. Igor leant his large frame out of the side window of the Tesla. Smoke seemed to be rising in a straight line out of a small hole at the front of the box. Getting out quickly, he moved to the front of the car and put his finger on the hole. Then lying, he said through the plastic,

“Quiet now, Master, they are around us. The Lupei have attacked you again. I have repelled them. Lie still, Master and wait. You will be safe soon.”

Reaching the long driveway of the land, which was now worth tens of millions. They took the dirt track which led to the stone cottage that lay alone, close to the water’s edge. Igor hit the remote control for the garage and waited. Then watched the large metal door as it clunked away from the ground, sliding itself up along the garage’s roof before slipping the Tesla inside.

Getting out, Igor waited as the large door closed back down, sealing out the outside light. He unlatched the top box and took a deep breath, waiting for the barrage of abuse that he knew was about to follow.

Seconds later, with an angry flap of his cape, the Coot was out of the makeshift plastic coffin. The vampire landing on one foot in the darkness next to the car. Screaming, as he scolded Igor in a fashion that would have left Elton John on a bad hair day seem as shy as a choir boy.

Looking to his smoking ash-covered foot, he shrieked,

“Igor, thou fool. Mine foot hath been taken!”

Looking to the small hole in the top box, Igor quickly said, “The Lupei, they have a laser, Master. Be thankful you are safe.”

The Coont stood for a moment staring at his smoking foot. Looking up at the slave who was speaking in a foreign language, he said.

“Thy speaketh to I with unfamiliar tongue, Igor. Why?”

“The Lupei, they tried to burn you, Master. I saved you. We both live.”

The Coont looked back to his foot. “Mine toes, they will have rebirth. It is not of consequence. Until then, though, myself shall haveth trouble treading this earth when movement is necessary.”

“Indeed, Master. I will find you footwear that becomes a prince with stature that is yours alone.”

The Coont said nothing. The vampire standing there, just staring at his foot. His red bloodshot eyes in stark contrast against his pasty white skin. Then, taking in the musty air from the garage, the Coont shouted,

“Bringeth thy Lupei alive, I shalt destroy them, torment their souls an eternity. Feast upon their blood, shalt I forever after.” Then the Coont stood still again for a moment, seemingly contemplating his smoldering foot. Taking a deep breath as he made a decision, he shouted,

“But firstly, deliver thy Master three virgin maidens for lust of thirst I hath. Bathe shalt I in their blood, as they surrender their being to thine Master.” Looking to the vampire, Igor simply replied, “There is no bath here. The cottage only has a shower, Master.”

The Coont stared at his slave, this man whom he’d pulled from death in defeat and given life back to his tortured soul, now speaking with a strange tongue. With his foot still burning, he snapped,

“What be the words thou use, slave?”

“Thou cannot bathe in maidens’ blood now, Master. I can thou offer the blood of a sow, or bovine, or a goat?” And as the words hit upon the Coont’s ears and despite missing half of his right foot, the vampire was on him with an eruption of violence that Igor had long since forgotten.

“Defy I not, slave! Maidens bringeth! The feast of a maiden’s blood is of need!”

And maidens were exactly what he was going to get.


