


CHAPTER SIX

Exactly where the vampire was going to find his maidens these days, Igor was not one hundred percent sure. The days of the Coont swooping down and landing gracefully in front of a young maiden while they wandered home at night was now, without a doubt, the wrong way to go. Yes, the Coont had liked to hunt and to seduce his prey centuries before, but that was more sport. His bread and butter, so to speak, were the women Igor had brought to the castle either unwittingly or simply kidnapped.

This, though, always caused issues with the locals, and ultimately even more fallout in the castle from the women once they had been drained of blood and became vampire disciples themselves. Once this happened, they too would need feeding as they inevitability filled the holes and crevices hacked away into the tunnels that wound below the castle like a rabbits’ warren loaded with death.

Now the Coont was out again. Popping into the supermarket and plucking a maiden off the cashier’s till, would certainly be out of the question for Igor. Unless he could get the Coont locked back in again. He had though already feasted, it seemed and in this feasting, the cycle would inevitably start all over again. For soon, that person would themselves turn and come looking for their Master as they never failed to do.

Pulling two large plastic cooler boxes from the top of a cupboard, Igor then, unclipped the top box with the hole at the top from the car’s roof. He placed it on top of the cooler boxes on the floor at the Coont’s feet and opened it. Gesturing to the Coont with his right hand, Igor said,

“Sleep now, Master.”

The Coont stared at him, his dark eyes inset to his bony features. His hair black and swept back as though an army of stylists had just come through and singled out each strand with precision. His cape, now dry and smooth again as though it had just been itself weaved from the finest silk. His trousers stopping perfectly just above his shoe that now only housed half a foot.

“How caneth I rest slave when thou hath alloweth mine foot to perish by rays of sunlight?”

“It will grow back, Master, fear not. But it cannot grow if you do not sleep.”

Looking down at the roof box and then around the garage made dark by its blackened windows, the Coont asked,

“Where art mine gold, slave? Where art mine silk? Sleep cannot be found within!”

“I will retrieve your true casket, Master, and you can rest.”

“I hath no foot slave! Howeth can I rest knowing the ability to stand hath been taken?”

Igor looked around, spotting a pair of big black steel-toed wellies he’d used years ago to clean the front of the home after a storm had messed up the yard.

“We live in different times now, Master. The sun has given benefit to you. You will find these boots to a fashion you will be more comfortable with. Many other demons are wearing them these days. You will be in great favor with the princesses of the night.”

This was good news, the Coont thought if he was correct in deciphering the strange language this oaf of a man was saying. He had friends here.

“Thy speak of demons, slave. Of whom do thy talk? Will I feast again with Princesses Lamia and Lilith?” He would not. Igor had already killed the Princesses Lamia and Lilith himself, along with most of the other vampires who were in the Coont’s social circle and had come calling.

These vampire demons of the night appearing uninvited at the castle. Riding within their black chariots of death up to the gates only for the demon and their followers to be met with decapitation or a stake to the heart.

Igor, with his sword, dispatching them from this world. Then, taking the same demon’s carriage led by its horses of black, he’d ride out to the castle they themselves called home to rid the world of the countless undead that lay within the castle’s walls. Collecting scars like trophies as he fought with his sword and stakes as the demons came until none were left. Then, and only then, with his own flesh ripped and torn, would Igor begin to haul away the treasures within.

The man with scars passing freely through the open countryside and towns as he rode back to the Coont’s own castle where he now lay imprisoned. Any highwaymen or opportunist thieves who would normally see fit to remove Igor of his treasured haul standing down. For they knew the reputation of the man at the reins of any blackened chariot of death.

“I fear not, Master, for thou are the last. Time has though passed many moons whilst thou have been hiding, and many stronger demons now come in mortal form also.”

This intrigued the Coont, this Master vampire who dealt out fear but feared no other thing in return except daylight. He said, “I fear thou mind has becometh weak, slave. Howeth can a mortal be more feared than I?”

“There are mortals who work their evil alone and others who control or shield themselves behind God himself, Master. There is also sickness and viruses that behold mankind like none you have ever known, Master.”

Scoffing, the Coont smiled. “Thou memory be short, slave. Superior beings pay small consequence to thou Black Death.”

“No, Master, there are deeper and stronger enemies now. Mortals beset with unimaginable evil walk amongst us, unafraid of the light of day. There is disease and plague also. There are those that come to you through the blood called HIV while others called Covid-19 follow the air and hide waiting to strike in plain sight.”

That explained a lot, thought the Coont. It had been troubling why no one was afraid of him as he’d approached them with his usual majesty. Mortal demons? Who were these people, and did they drink the blood, sucking the power from their fellow man? It was interesting. But there could only be one king, and the king was back, even if half his right foot was missing.

With one eyebrow raised, he said, “I will sleep now, slave. In that time, bringeth I the heads of thine mortal demons named Ahc Eye Vee and Co Veed that now spread fear, so as they can rot in mine presence.”

“Yes, Master, I will go hunt them now,” answered Igor, not bothering to elaborate.

He watched as the Coont swang his arm at him and commanded, “And bringeth I a virgin maiden for when the sun has ceased.”

“Yes, Master.”

Then looking to the garage door, Igor quickly said,

“Master, the door can open. If it does, you will perish in the sun. Into your coffin quickly, I will wake you at dusk.”

With the plastic roof box firmly wound tight and sealed with duct tape, Igor took off again. This time alone, as he drove along his highly coveted driveway that was worth millions.

He had a big problem. It wasn’t good. The Coont was back. He needed to get him comfortably settled again into the ironwood coffin so as he could get back to the easy life and his violin. He needed a maiden - and a virgin maiden at that. Someone for the Coont to not only feed from, but a maiden the Coont could seduce also in the process. But with that came death, and death was something he’d avoided for so long now it did not seem right.

Yes, he was correct about there being more evil men out there now than the Coont. Finding one of these types though and coaxing the prick along with his bag of fentanyl-laced smack over to West Vancouver for dinner would only upset the Coont further.

He pulled the Tesla onto Marine Drive and kept going, passing the shopping center and the virgin maidens in abundance within and hit the bridge. Five minutes later, he was downtown, sitting on the corner of Main and Hastings on the east side.

What the hell was he doing here? he thought. He looked out across and along the road to the sadness of humanity that lay before him. The homeless and forgotten lined the road. The drugged-out lost in their own tattered world, wandering back and forth tormented by visions that only belonged to them. Yes, he honestly could drag one of the verminous drug dealers who fed off them from an alley. But as he already knew, what could be possibly gained from presenting the Coont with some ghastly being, when a virgin maiden was supposed to be on the menu?

Then he saw her, and it was as if she’d been sent to him by God himself. A female drug dealer. The woman standing in amongst the others at the edge of an alley lined with needles and shit. The woman fitting in well amongst the rest of the parasites who frequented this area full of lowlifes, junkies and sadness. Feeding themselves with poison as they slowly drained the life from their bodies, day by day and night by night.

Igor parked the Tesla and took a walk. The residents calling out with words only they could understand. The shit and litter strewn across the already filthy sidewalk. The ambulances in full use, draining the budgets of an already stretched system, parked at either side of the road. The place was a mess. It really wasn’t a bad solution to the situation that had arisen after these members of the Lupei family had somehow found them again and opened the hornets’ nest.

A woman who knowingly sold fentanyl-laced death on the streets, enabling the fallen without a thought for those that needed help, deserved nothing more than a meet and greet with what possibly was the world’s last surviving vampire. The Coont being just the right person to turn the tables. To seduce her, then feast off her. Then once he was done and her blood was drained and black blood ran through her veins, Igor would produce his stake of ironwood and ram it through her heart as the Coont slept. If he was lucky, the whole process could be sorted within a couple of days. As long as he could keep the Coont at home and the woman who lived off selling death around long enough to keep the Coont happy, that is.

************

It was almost an hour of dodging meth heads before Igor maneuvered himself into the position of propositioning this woman who’d spent her day standing in a piss-stained alley she could no longer smell. Her battle-weary eyes, which had been watching him for a while, unnerved as he approached. The woman asking, as she now saw the man’s scars in close up,

“What you want?”

“You,” replied Igor without a moment’s hesitation.

“It’s fifteen for a blowy, but you’ll need to shoot quick as I’m busy.” Igor smiled; he wasn’t there for that. The woman sizing him up quicker than he could have imagined, saying straight back,

“Well then, I don’t sell for Russians. I already got a boss. So, fuck off with your fucked-up face quick before they see you.”

“I’m not here for either,” Igor replied, taking the woman’s brashness in his stride. “Like I said, I’m here for you. I have a friend who you’d like,” answered Igor with a smile as he stood on the dirty gravel.

“I sell blow and give blowies - pussy is two blocks down.”

And it was, the whole place in chaos, but everyone knew their place.

“My friend, the Coont, wishes to dine with you. Would you be interested?”

The woman standing there in her jeans and shoes with scuffed three-inch heels. Liking the fact that someone wanted to take her out, even though her rear molars had long rotted out from constant puking after meals throughout her teens. The rest long gone from smoking crack through a pipe as she’d drifted onwards through life. She asked,

“The who?”

“The Coont.”

Then it hit her. The man, she thought, was obviously Eastern European and was talking about a Count. “Do I know him?” she asked out of sheer curiosity.

“You will have undoubtedly heard of him, yes. He is handsome, and he is rich, and he wants a virgin damsel to dine with this evening. I have searched for hours, and you are a rarity. A damsel of pure beauty.”

Well, go talk to my uncle about the virgin part! the woman thought, as the memory of the man fucking her in his bathroom when she was 14 raced through her mind. The man stinking of cigarettes and beer, saying, ‘Yeah, you want it, bitch!’ as he held her down by her hair over the sink. But beauty, yeah, it had been said.

“Your name, what is your name?” asked Igor in the strong Romanian accent he’d never been able to lose despite the years. Looking back along the road to see if his car was still there. He heard the woman say,

“Josephine.”

Igor smiled.

“Josephine, I am Igor, the servant of the Coont. He requests that you dine with him this evening. And for this, I will pay you in gold.”

And with this, Igor pulled a coin of solid gold from his pocket and without a thought, placed it gently into her hand.

Josephine, the young woman who wore jeans and scuffed heels and whose teeth had rotted out, had not long changed professions. The woman now finding selling crack and whatever else she could get her hands on in little bags earned her more than she used to earn from using what was left of her looks to get paid for sucking dick with her teeth out. Selling bags of poison for $20 a pop was a better return than the $15 she’d receive for spitting out a mouthful of protein. Sometimes though, if she got lucky, she’d pull in both for the full $35.

Josephine stared at the gold coin and felt its weight in her hand. It certainly felt like gold, and it looked like gold, but something was wrong. If it was real, why her, and why this much money? Why wasn’t this guy just cruising Yaletown or Coal Harbor where girls had dental plans? But maybe that was it, maybe word was out, and the steady following she’d picked up over the last year or five was spreading further afield than the downtown east side. After all, even if she had been plying her trade in the alleys and piss-stinking doorways, for as long as she could remember, she had heard herself referred to as the blowjob queen of Vancouver on more than one occasion.

Putting the gold coin into her pocket just in case, she looked around to see if this guy was costing her trade. Unconsciously running her fingers through her dirty, bleached, blonde hair, Josephine then said with a smile.

“We talking about fangs here?”

Well, she was quick on the uptake this one, Igor thought. How on earth could she have worked that out? Was it that easy to read that he was a vampire master’s slave? Maybe. As far as he could tell, he’d managed to assimilate himself into society. Apart from the accent, that is. However, some mortals still had an inherent ability to sniff out demons and their servants. Maybe this woman had that gene?

“So?” Josephine asked again.

“What makes you think that?” answered Igor as he smiled.

“Well, the man’s a Count. You said it yourself.”

And taking a chance and keeping his smile sharp across his scarred-up face, Igor said,

“Yes, you are correct, his name is Coont Draculi, and he wants you to join him as his maiden. Come to our home tonight, there’ll be two more coins for you, and you can dine in candlelight. Then after, he will feast upon you. Once the night is done, if you and he are happy, then the next day you can come back, and I’ll have another two coins for you, or perhaps even four, for your troubles.”


