


CHAPTER SEVEN

Igor arrived at the bottom of the upscale condominium block where he’d left the Coont hidden in the empty bedroom. He knew now he’d made a big mistake hiding the vampire there while he’d had the repairs done on the cottage by the water. The place where the Coont now slept in his plastic coffin wrapped in duct tape. If it was the Lupei family that had found him, how had they done so? If it wasn’t, why would someone break in and open the coffin? One thing was for certain - the Coont had definitely not broken out. He’d had almost six hundred years to do that.

He took the lift to the 11th floor and pushed the now unlocked door open, and despite the smashed balcony door smelled death as soon as he stepped inside. He walked through to the master bedroom, passing the broken door, and looked at the young man with his throat ripped open lying at the side of the now-empty ironwood coffin.

Leaning down, and without getting any blood on his right hand, he reached around and through the guy’s pockets. Some cash, a wallet, a phone, now just hanging onto its battery life with sixty-four missed calls and texts, and a Romanian driving license in the name of Philippe Lupei. The Coont hadn’t been wrong. No need to go checking for IDs with him. He’d smelled him, just as he’d said he had.

Stepping back, Igor looked at the body of the kid, lying there all white and stiff with his mouth open. This family, they never gave up. He then looked to the wooden stake lying there next to the young Lupei boy who’d wanted to be a hero. Picking it up, he felt its strength. It wasn’t close to being strong enough. He knew that from experience, and by the looks of the kid, neither was he.

Igor himself was stronger than any man he knew, and at times, that was not nearly enough. All the opening of the coffin and banging the stakes in with a big mallet as the demon laid helpless, looking back in surprise with its arms out was just for the movies. These creatures who preyed in the night fought back and fought hard. Clawing out, slashing and snarling, spitting venom as they held onto what strange life they now knew. You needed ironwood, oak, or a strong hardwood like mahogany from Asia. Wood which was pin sharp, ridged, and tapered up to a good wide solid end you could lean into and get your weight behind. Not some piece of one-inch dowel from a hardware store, sharpened off with a Stanley knife. The poor kid didn’t stand a chance.

There would be more of these kids, though. He knew that they rarely came alone. They’d be sitting out there somewhere right now scheming away what was possibly the last days of their lives.

“Goddamn it,” Igor said to himself as he stepped over the young man and headed to the en-suite bathroom. Turning on the light, he looked at himself as he took a pee. What a waste, he thought. What a stupid waste. The carpet was brand new also. That would have to go, and the floor underneath would need to be scrubbed so as it did not smell. And who was going to be doing that? Him, that’s who, good old Igor. He’d be dragging up the carpet and all.

Goddamn it, he thought again as he began to feel himself get mad for the first time in God knows how many years. Same as when he’d been trying to play his violin centuries before and had been constantly disturbed by that needy Coont. The vampire wanting this and that back then, along with his endless cortège of vampires creeping about the castle’s tunnels like bats and defecating on his gold. Then once again, straight after he’d locked him away, the vampire continually complaining, not accepting his fate and wanting to be let out of his coffin.

Yes, I’ll have to do it, it’ll be me who cleans up the mess, he thought. But how will that affect his fingers which he’d honed into such good shape for the violin performance he had coming up? There had to be a company that came around and did that sort of thing, like you saw in the movies sometimes, underground specialists. Guys in black boiler suits who came over and dragged away the dead and burnt them, fed them to pigs or to the fish in some lake somewhere before going home for dinner with the family.

But life had been so soft for him for so long. Now, all he was used to doing was going to the supermarket for food and practicing his violin into the night. Yes, there had been ladies throughout the centuries. Women who’d come and gone in almost the same fashion a normal mortal would embrace one or two pets in their lives. Giving them their complete attention. Loving them unconditionally, yet still knowing they would outlive them. Much like the occasional stories found in Welsh farming communities, but with them we’re talking livestock and that’s a whole other story.

The problem right now was the dead body on the new white carpet which was stained with blood. Igor walked over to the heavy coffin, picked up the lid, and leaned it against the wall. Shoving the now open empty coffin headfirst onto the slate tiles of the bedroom’s large en-suite bathroom, he stood and looked down into the tight space where he’d kept the Coont confined for so many centuries with nothing more than silk and the gold coins which lined its bed for company.

How come I’m alive? Why did the Coont not just kill me for imprisoning him? Why had he not just swept his hand out and cut my throat the way I’d seen the vampire dispose of slaves in the past. Why had he not done what I’d expected him to do there and then when he saw me the previous evening? he wondered as he imagined what it must have been like to be confined for so long in such a small space. The Coont though was not human. He was a vampire, and they coped differently. So maybe he put himself into some kind of state of hibernation. Truth was, the Coont had sometimes not stirred for decades prior, to the extent that Igor had sometimes wondered if the vampire hadn’t actually died.

He walked back out of the bathroom and leaned down next to the coffin lid, lifting it with his left hand. Then, with his right, he dug his fingers into the tight space between the skirting baseboard and the carpet and ripped the carpet off the gripper board nailed to the concrete floor. With ease, he stepped back and pulled the carpet completely away from the wall all around the room.

Stopping, he looked to the kid with his throat slashed open lying there next to his rounded dowel stake he’d brought to kill the Coont. With one hand, he dragged the boy to the side of the room. The now congealed blood streaking across the carpet as he went. He placed him at the side in the carpet’s centre. Then, he began to roll him up, turning the boy over and over in the carpet, like a jam roly-poly you’d buy in the bakers, until he reached the other side.

He walked back to the heavy ironwood coffin lid, lifted it back up, and walked it to the bathroom. Catching himself in the mirror, he looked to his scarred face remembering the talons and teeth that had put them there. He looked down to the coffin not unlike the one which he himself should have been buried in so many centuries before. The mass of gold coins that lay upon the coffin’s interiors silk caught in the bathroom’s designer lights shining up at him. How many were there? he wondered. Trying also at the same time to remember if he’d even bothered to count the coins all those years ago when he’d laden the casket with them to entice the Coont inside.

There had to be a hundred minimum. One hundred golden coins right there, right under his nose, ten times the equivalent hid in a chamber below his mansion. And that wasn’t even counting the chests of gold ingots he’d pulled from the castles of all the other vampire masters he’d staked and beheaded.

Now though the man with the scars had other issues. He walked back to the main living room, looked at the broken lock and glass on the sliding door, and then stepped out onto the balcony. Looking down, he saw the broken branches on the tree below. He stepped back and went inside. The kid whose life had ended the previous evening had come in through the front door as it was still slightly ajar. The guy obviously finding his way up the back stairs or had bullshitted his way in the elevator. Then he remembered seeing the kid by the condo’s main reception door when he’d arrived a couple of days previous. The kid passing him as Igor had parked the Tesla up outside, before popping upstairs to the 11th floor.


