


CHAPTER EIGHT

The sun was beginning to set when Igor left the condo. He headed into the traffic through the park, back across the bridge towards West Vancouver. The Coont would be waking soon and expecting the coffin to be opened. He’d get there just in time.

Why the Coont had allowed him to live, he still could not fathom. Nonetheless, he wasn’t complaining; because life was sweet.

Igor reached the gate to the drive that would take him through the wooded acreage that led down to the cottage by the water where the birds did not fly. Pulling his gold-colored electric car up outside, he looked at the roof work that was not long completed. It was a shame. Maybe a week earlier, he could have had the Coont out of that condo he’d just bought six months back.

Maybe there could have been a better way to go about things, he thought. At the time, though, owning an entire floor on a new condo building was the way to go - no neighbors there and no one wondering what was in the long sleek box.

With the new condo, there was the bonus of a change of scenery now and again. But he had not considered the Lupei family. But why should he? How long had it been since he’d had to deal with them? Each time offering up to them the same opportunity to live when they came that he’d hoped they’d take.

But how in God’s name had they found me? he thought for the hundredth time since the previous evening after the shit had hit the fan. He opened the door and made his way into the garage. He was lucky. They obviously didn’t know about this place, or there’d have been more dead bodies lying on the floor judging by the tools they had brought the previous evening. Unless they’d had the smarts to open the garage door, and drag the plastic coffin out into the sunshine. Set the thing on fire and watch the roof box melt away, and then the sunlight tear into the Coont’s flesh - turning him to ash. If they’d had the intelligence to look in the roof box, that is. Maybe hiding the Coont in plain sight wasn’t such a bad idea. Unless he woke and immediately burst out through the plastic, that in itself could cause a problem.

And as the sun had set behind the mountains running through the center of Vancouver Island on the far side of the Strait of Georgia and the day drifted into night, that’s exactly what the Coont had done. The vampire waking, and with a swift swing of his arm, pushing through the thin plastic, severing the duct tape. Ripping it away along the lid’s seam like a wave breaking on a sandy shore.

He sat up, this time without the crack in his spine from being stuck in a horizontal position for centuries. Looking over to Igor, who was standing by the car, the first thing he said was,

“Kill thy Lupei whom I smell.”

“He is already dead, Master,” Igor answered.

“Good. Slave, my wardrobe, where art thou?”

It was a good point, the Coont’s wardrobe was long, long gone. The ancient gowns with their frills and puffs and silken collars all burnt away after a weeklong cleanse of the castle. A cleanse that Igor had enjoyed as he sat and watched the embers of the prince of darkness’s attire rise, dancing up into the night sky.

“Sadly, they are gone, Master. They were destroyed in the great fire. The only clothes to remain are the ones that decorate you now.” The Coont looked at him for the moment, and as he did, Igor was unsure if it was the lies he told that this man of evil could see through, or if it was just that the vampire was trying to decipher the change of language he now spoke. It was neither, for all the Coont said was,

“Taketh I to thine castle of new, slave. Bringeth I thou finest tailor of these strange lands.” Igor nodded.

“Yes, Master.”

Then as the Coont went to walk towards the night, he remembered half his toes were missing. Staring down at his right foot, he said, without looking up.

“Slave, attire mine feet with footwear that is deserved of a prince immediately.”

And that’s when the Coont put on the wellington boots for the first time.

************

Not a word had been mentioned so far about the virgin maiden the Coont had requested for when he woke. The vampire now simply waiting in his wellies for his slave to open the garage door.

As the night air hit him, the vampire stepped outside and took a deep breath. The Coont standing there in his usual regal-like pose. His nose tilted towards the stars like a bloodhound following the scent of some murderous escapee in stripes. Sniffing the air in counts of three, he searched for the small particles which floated through the night. Then without a word, he stopped sniffing, and with a quick flip of his long black cape he was off and up into the night sky.

Igor watched as the Coont rose up from the ground and hovered just above the cottage’s roof. His heavy wellington boots hanging beneath him like a crane fly caught floating in the air on a soft autumn night. Then he was away through the trees disappearing out of sight as though he had never been there at all.

Take him to his castle, find him the finest tailor, find him a virgin damsel. Do this, do that. Goddamn it, Igor thought. The man with scars wondering what would happen to the vampire this time as he ventured out into the night in a city that was as foreign now to the man as a Samburu tribesman dropping into the middle of Piccadilly Circus.

************

Carol Kay didn’t seem to remember that the boy she’d met at the club the previous night who’d tried to roofie her but failed was dead. In fact, she was still wondering how she’d managed to cut her neck in those two little spots. She was also feeling horny, but not in the usual way. It was different this time. In fact, she’d felt that way since she’d kind of recalled meeting this guy with the big cloak and the swept-back hair the previous night.

At first, she thought it could have been the ecstasy she’d knocked back at the club just before she’d met him, or maybe the three lines of coke she’d scored in the toilet, or all the Bacardi’s she’d been drinking, or that huge spliff she’d smoked in the park, right before she’d met him. But what the hell? She felt good, and it seemed to be lasting. Not only that, she definitely looked good from the way the guys had been looking at her in the club, and saying stupid shit like, “Hey Baby!” or just “Hey” or “What’s up?”

Now she was making her way in her skin-tight jeans and heels back down the center of Granville Street. It wasn’t until she’d left the club again that she’d felt someone was following her. Carol, this time, just as juiced up on drugs as the previous night.

Being followed though, was not that uncommon for the young girl in heels each time she had walked away from the club district late at night. Even when she had been with a guy or with friends, her legs and ass were enough to attract the odd stalker. Most of the time, they were just kids, drunk, and trying to build up the nerve to talk. Kids whose courage ran dry as the fresh sea and mountain air hit before they made it to the main road.

This time though, it was different. Her own sixth sense kicking in in some primeval way, telling her a true predator was following her. She looked around and, for no reason, crossed the road. It wasn’t late, there were people still about. Rowdy young men, couples. Carol alone for the first time in ages when she shouldn’t be.

But somehow, unlike earlier, no one’d come onto her as they always seemed to do. Maybe it was the fresh air, or her little drug habit that was setting her off-kilter with guys or just the fact she’d been told by some guy she’d slept with a week before that she had chlamydia.

She carried on back down Granville and took a right onto Marine, where it was always a little quieter. The streetlights’ rays shined bright in the night air, paving the way, the road slowly emptying. Yeah, someone was watching her. She could feel it, the hairs on the back of her neck standing up the way they were. She looked around again, but there was nothing, not a soul.

Maybe it was that guy who’d messaged her and told her about the problem, the guy blaming her, saying she was a bitch and had a sewer for a snatch. Even though she didn’t even know who he was. Out of habit, she picked up her phone and turned on Tinder as she walked, distracting herself. Yeah. As usual, there was a shitload of guys who had hit on her, with little more to say than “Hey!” or “What U doing?” or “Wanna fuck?” along with the odd dick pick. Which strangely sometimes worked. Yeah, that was it. It was the guy who’d been trolling her with bullshit and had snapped at her tonight. That was it. He’d put her on edge. She crossed the road, hit Hornby, and found the small path that led to the door of her home. She closed the door and felt relief as she heard the latch snap shut.

Fuck, that was eerie. Carol called out to see if any of the girls were home, then waited. They weren’t. Of course not - why would they be? It was Friday night. If they did come home, it would be with a guy or a girl or both. It was the way it was and had been for a while and the way she’d obviously met him, this guy who’d put her on edge, harassing her firstly with a vicious text and then words after. Words that were venomous when he could have just simply told her nicely that she needed to go see a doctor.

Then she turned and saw the large shadow of a man standing outside. She watched as he slowly extended his hand towards the mottled windowpane that ran in a semi-circle above the door. His fingers stretching out slowly as his nails hit the glass and gently tapped.

Jesus Christ, Carol thought as she felt the hairs on her back stand on end and her stomach twist. The fingers tapped again, and then once more, before the man backed away, almost floating as he did. Quickly she moved to the door and locked it once, then twice, then reached down and slid the bolt across the bottom of the door. Thinking, Fuck it, they can wake me if they needed to get in, as she read the ‘Is everyone home?’ note on the back of the door.

She walked to the kitchen and turned on the light, opened the fridge, grabbed some cream cheese spread that wasn’t hers, thought about it, then put it back. If he doesn’t go away, I’ll call the police, Carol thought, as she walked back into the corridor of the small heritage home. She climbed the stairs and opened the door to her room, turned on her bedside light, and sat there in her tight jeans and heels.

Realizing she still had her shoes on, she kicked them off and turned to see the vampire there again. The demon seemingly floating in the night air. His eyes dark, staring deep into hers through the lead glass window. Then slowly, he raised his hand, and as he did, she saw his long fingers, his ragged nails as black as coal. Turning his hand upward, the vampire gestured for her to come forward to the window as he floated, compelling her with his eyes, the young girl caught helplessly in his gaze. Slowly Carol walked to the window, and as she did, it all came back to her.

Reaching up, she touched the two small cuts on her neck as she remembered this man she’d met in the park. This man who’d floated down from the trees in his cloak, held her by her shoulders, and gazed into her eyes. Hypnotizing her as he’d leaned in and bit her neck and she had felt more sensual ecstasy than any tablet gifted by some loser in a club could ever give her.

This was why she had bite marks on her neck. She knew it now as it all came back to her in a swirling haze. This man in the cloak had the power to defy gravity and float mystically in the air. The same as she’d seen him do late yesterday evening. Only this time, it seemed as if he was wearing wellington boots.


