


CHAPTER NINE

Josephine, the cock-sucking hooker with no teeth, who also sold drugs in an alley on Vancouver’s east side was already standing by the gate that led down to the huge mansion. The mansion Igor had built in its own acreage on a secluded mountain slope, which was now surrounded by homes worth millions, and occupied by beautiful people with their own sociopathic issues.

The gold coin given to her by the strange Slavic man with the scars had turned out to be real. $2,200 worth of real, to be precise, after the commission. $2,200, of which $500 covered her rent, another $500 paid off an Italian loan shark, who sold in blocks of $100. $200 had gone on a new outfit and shoes from Zara on Robson, which she was now wearing. $160 went at the coiffure on a badly needed haircut and color. Another $30 had gone on some cheap perfume which smelled good in the store. $500 went to her dealer for a shitload of crack cocaine. Another $300 on some more cocaine and some legally bought marijuana. The rest she just blew on stupid stuff, then went and had a Happy Meal at Micky D’s, where she’d taken a decent-sized hit of pretty much all the drugs she’d scored except the weed. In amongst it all she’d also bought some soap to scrub up, and a packet of denture adhesive to keep her teeth in over dinner. Which she had applied in plenty in the back of the cab on the way over.

So now she was here - early just in case any other girls had had the same offer, and she may get left out. The place looked big as she looked around through the slight gaps in the gate. There was a small van with the words ‘Restaurant at Home’ written on its side in bright orange. A gold SUV parked out the front of the house. From what she could see, it looked like one of those new electric ones. The type that she knew drove themselves as she’d been in a few lately and seen the odd driver driving with his eyes closed after she’d pulled her teeth out and left them on the dash.

But not tonight. Her teeth were staying in unless this scarred-up Slav or his boyfriend actor who wanted to be Dracula had their own shit you used to loosen the glue in their bathroom.

Suddenly the gate swung open with a clang and then a swoosh as the electric motor did its job. The gravel playing havoc with Josephine’s new heels as she made her way down the driveway in her short red dress. The driver of the restaurant delivery van slowing to eye the woman up as he passed. Josephine thinking to herself, You couldn’t afford me baby, just because she was feeling hot in her new outfit, when deep down inside, she knew that when the craving came, almost anyone could.

She reached the entrance and climbed the three short steps up to the door and was just checking her nylons for rips when she heard the door open and then saw the big Slav standing there. Welcoming her in, Igor said,

“I’m sorry, I was just moving some carpet downstairs, so I ordered in. The food from Santolini’s is incredible, though.”

Josephine looked around. Fuck, this place was big and swanky. Jesus, it was like a palace. She looked up and noticed the huge glass chandeliers hanging on either side of the staircase and heard Igor say,

“They used to be Napoleon’s before they sent him to Elba.”

“Oh!”

“Yes, and there’s a few paintings here also, and a couple of Monets I picked up on the way over from Europe that no one has ever seen.”

Josephine didn’t know what a Monet was, but since her first-ever love in grade 11 had come from France and was only five foot tall, Napoleon had become a name she could never forget. She said,

“It’s really bright in here.”

And it was bright, purposely so, due to the years of living in the darkness of the Coont’s castle with its blackened stone walls and tunnels that saw neither sun nor candlelight. This castle though, was not the Coont’s. It was Igor’s, and the Coont had been getting all the darkness he needed, stuck in his ironwood coffin.

Igor’s castle was bright stone with white walls and huge, ostentatious chandeliers and lamps. It had carpets whiter than a polar bear’s ass at Christmas. The darkest thing in the room being his Stradivarius violin that sat on its polished bronze stand next to Igor’s small, yet well-used leather stool. And how he had played night after night for so many years to an audience of just himself.

Now, he had this lady here in her nice red dress who seemed to like to look around and he was beginning to worry about the woman’s shoes. She entered the living room and wandered about the carpet looking at the paintings that were worth millions. The cheaply cut, tiny, hard, rubber bottoms of her new heels now dragging small tufts of carpet with them as she went.

She stopped at one of the Monets and stared at it. It was a woman in a horse-drawn carriage along with a man in a top hat about to set off on a dusty road towards a pastel setting sun.

She said, turning around to Igor, “I see you’ve got one of those electronic cars that drive themselves. You ever want to take a drive and relax, give me a call.”

Igor looked at the lady, who looked 20 years older than she was but had cleaned up well. She had on perfume, but somehow, he could smell glue on her breath. Her eyes were also hard. The woman was definitely somewhat wasted as well, suspended it seemed in that sad spiral in which addicts often find themselves. From what he could tell, chances were high that if she didn’t get her act together soon, she’d be not long for this world.

Each to their own, he thought, as he then wondered whether there would be any long relaxing drives in the Tesla, now that the Coont was back on the scene.

Not bothering to answer Josephine’s offer of a blowie whilst driving, he said, “I have the table ready and some wine, but the Count likes to eat late sometimes.”

And on that note, he wondered exactly where the Coont was, and when he’d be back. Unless he was at the cottage. But if he was, he’d have heard by now. That was a certainty, as he knew the vampire’s patience was about as long as one of Josephine’s Tampax strings. Then he heard Josephine ask,

“You said I was getting two coins, maybe four right, but definitely two?”

He had said that, yes, Igor knew that. But if the Coont never showed, then the woman could blow the lot on drugs as soon as she cashed them in as she obviously had with the one he’d given her today. At least it seemed as though she had spent a small sum on new clothes, which was good. The last thing he needed was to dish out some more coins and then for her to just do the lot on drugs and overdose. Then he’d be back to square one. He said,

“If he shows, yes.”

That wasn’t the deal. It was if I came to the house for dinner and here I fucking am. So fuck him if he was going to start moving the goddamn fucking goalposts, Josephine thought. Her moderately drug-pickled mind suddenly shuddered at the fact she’d blown the one solid bit of cash she’d earned in a long time. Inside she could feel her temper build and her false teeth begin to grind. If she lost it and got into a scream-up like she could on any given night on Hastings Street, then there was a chance her teeth were going to come flying out like they sometimes did, regardless of the glue.

Then just as she was about to lose it and let rip a tirade of profanity, the Coont arrived, floating in the moonlight breeze, distracting her, as his wellington boots landed with a thump on the deck.

“Slave?” the Coont called out as he walked awkwardly along the deck towards the main room with its big open doors.

Igor walked out to the deck, meeting the Coont as he limped by. Stopping in the living room, the vampire covered his eyes to the lights and called out to Igor,

“Slave! Extinguish thou flame which pains mine sight so.”

Then, letting down his hand from his brow as Igor hit the light switch at the side of the room, he turned and stared at Josephine. For a moment he stood there, lit now only by the moon he knew so well. He smelled the air again, his senses picking up something unobtainable to any mere mortal. Quickly turning back to Igor with disdain, and in a manner which suggested nothing less than incompetence. He asked a question of which his senses had already told him the answer to.

“A Lupei is near to I, slave?”

“Truth become you, Master - although he is long deceased,” Igor answered quickly. “Below within mine castle’s cellar. There be eth I leave him for thine disciples to reside with once they find death and cometh to thine lair.”

On that note and happy with his forward-thinking slave, the Coont smiled, showing off his enormous fangs. It was true, as for the moment here in this strange world he found himself placed, there certainly were yet no disciples.

But just as a Catholic priest uses God himself to draw his congregation to him, along with their children, he too would draw mortal folk towards his darkness. Once inside this darkness, his own congregation will need to feed and feed they shall upon the mortals they once themselves were.

The Coont turned again, this time slowly, using the time it took for his eyes to reach Josephine’s to dominate the room. Josephine standing there, lit by the candles placed in the centre of the small dining table with its empty plates. The food sealed tight within polished chrome serving dishes positioned with style upon the top of the mobile buffet table sitting elegantly alongside the table. The room now dark. Josephine, the grown woman who had once loved a short, young, French man. The woman looking good in her new heels and false teeth, wondering to herself what the hell was going on as she stood there in the ornate room. Out loud and almost to himself, the Coont said,

“A maiden whoeth I shalt dine with this evening? I have though feasted, yet a sweet virgin maiden thou bringeth. The Coont’s thirst to be quenched once more. Feast still the Coont shall, before dawn cometh to thee.”

Josephine could not believe what she was seeing, and hearing for that matter. The whole scene was like something straight out of the local amateur theatrics club. With this gimpy idiot in a pair of wellington boots playing the lead. The guy wearing the most ridiculous white makeup along with the stupid fangs that dripped fake blood down his chin. And what was going on with the costume, the cape and all the stupid frills and puffy sleeves? My God, this was a joke if ever she’d seen one. Next thing, for all she knew, would be that this guy with the scars was going to be picking up the fake violin in the middle of the room and start serenading her.

The money was good though. If they paid, that is ... Putting up with this charade for an evening and scoring another two gold coins, or four if she was lucky, would be certainly worth it. The exchange rate for gold was good right now, and if she divided up the $2,200 she’d get for a coin into blow jobs, it amounted to a lot of protein she’d need to be swallowing. Turning to Igor she said,

“I’m gonna want those coins upfront before the show starts.”

And the moment the Coont heard her voice and smelt the mixed sweetness of glue and drugs on her breath, he knew he had to feast upon her there and then. Turning, he held Josephine’s gaze, his eyes now bright red after having just fed. Holding out his bony right hand, he gestured as he walked towards the table for her to come to him. His long, black, sharp nails as jagged as a turtle’s back.

With a slow and ominous voice, he said to Josephine as he reached the table, and like a gentleman, pulled out her chair, “Cometh to thy Master.”

Josephine shrugged and walked over. Running both hands over her backside first so as not to crease her dress, she sat herself on the chair. The Coont looked down on her as she did, his eyes red, sunken in their sockets. The vampire coveting his prey as he walked around the table in the centre of the room to sit down.

The Coont said, “It hast been some timeth since I hath dine with such a maiden so as beautiful as oneself.”

Then holding out his bony hand emblazoned with a sapphire ring, he offered her his hand to kiss, as he said, “I am the Coont, Coont Draculi.”

Josephine smiled. Truth was, it was hard not to laugh at this guy with false teeth that were worse than hers. Leaning forward, she took his hand and kissed the sapphire and wondered if it went along with the rest of the place and was actually real. She said,

“Josephine.”

“Oh,” said the Coont, “the beauty of sucheth name, come before I, this fine night.”

Then Igor walked over, and with his left hand behind his back, he poured them both the decanted wine into his pure cut crystal. Taking Josephine’s plate, he broke the seal of the buffet table’s brightly chromed center dish. The steam from the lamb chops that had been keeping warm and braising within rising up. Igor dug his serving spoon down into the gravy that was mixed with the head chef’s own special blend of herbs and spices he’d ordered in specially from Tuscany.

Suddenly, as the steam hit the Coont’s nose, he was up and away from the table, spitting and snarling, as his left hand swung at the buffet table, knocking it past Igor and across the room. Spilling the dishes, candles, trays of food and brown delicious gravy along with the potatoes and wine all across Igor’s fancy white carpet.

Screaming out to Igor, the vampire stepped back.

“Garlic! How dare thee bringeth such poison within thine castle?

Josephine stood in shock; glad now she’d grabbed the Happy Meal at Micky D’s earlier since it now looked like this meal was certainly over. She stared at the Coont and the food that smelled delicious spread all across the carpet.

Then almost as though what the man in the cape had just done mattered not one bit, the Coont turned to Josephine and once again, as his deep black and red sunken eyes stared into hers, he raised his leathery hand to her and stroked the air softly with his ringed fingers gesturing her to him.

Josephine felt the sudden strange force pulling her as she heard his words spoken in a heavy Slavic accent. Her inner soul suddenly wanting this man standing there in his dandy suit and wellies.

“Cometh maiden, thy Master commandeth,” the Coont said once more, as he gestured, and Josephine again felt this unseen pull drawing her, compelling her to him. His eyes burning as he stared at her in the now fully darkened room.

“Cometh nou - I am thy Master.”

And then she came, giving in to the invisible energy that seemed to have taken over her complete being from within. Slowly, almost hypnotized, she walked to him in her tight red dress. Her heels digging into the plush white carpet as she reached him. Then she felt her arm rising to him as her desire within became stronger and something primeval took over her mind and body.

Taking the Coont’s bony hand in hers, Josephine stared into his eyes, feeling the magnetic force emanating from him grow even stronger with his leathery touch. Her breathing began to slow as she felt her heart race and then as he held her gaze and felt his eyes penetrate deep into her soul, she knew that she was his and his alone for the taking.

The Coont leaned in, lowering his torso as he bent down to the woman and twisted his head as his mouth widened, exposing his blood-stained fangs now protruding from his mouth. Josephine closed her eyes as she leaned back, twisting her head to the side, she exposed her neck for him.

Inside she could feel his need, feel his want, his desire. Then as her body gave in to him completely as so many fallen maidens had centuries before, something just as primeval broke through his evil spell cast upon her. Just as she felt the Coont’s blood-dripping fangs touch the skin of her perfumed neck, Josephine found the inner strength she needed to break free.

Summoning up what was left of her own instincts, honed from years of survival, she pushed back. Pulling herself away from the Coont’s evil fangs and looking into his deep bloodshot red eyes, she said,

“No money, no honey, baby.”


