


CHAPTER TEN

Watching from afar in the doorway, Igor stood in disbelief as this empowered woman stood there defying the Coont in a way he’d never have known possible. What had happened to the vampire’s inner strength, his overwhelming control that he’d once possessed when he’d set his sights upon a maiden that he’d decided to make his own? Maybe it was the 600 years he’d kept him locked up in the coffin while he’d relaxed and drank wine, ate cheese, and played the violin.

This woman though was strong, stronger than he’d ever seen before. By the looks of her, she was holding him in her own spell as she kept the Coont there waiting in his wellington boots, stooping with his teeth bared above her exposed neck. She said it again, this time with a smile and in a voice which sounded cheeky and lustful as though even she herself wanted the Coont to dig his teeth into her flesh as much as he did.

“Gold coins get my loins, baby.”

Reaching into his pocket, Igor dug deep. There were the keys to the car, his wallet, a comb, some chewing gum, and a handkerchief, but no more gold coins. Goddamn it, he thought as he looked around and wished he’d grabbed a pocket full of coins out of the Coont’s coffin in the downtown condo’s bathroom. Then suddenly, he remembered he had two he kept on the violin stand and would use when sometimes a rash would develop on his chin from his beloved Stradivarius.

Staring at them both, he walked across the room. Picking them up, he took another three steps and placed them in Josephine’s hand. With the practiced skill of a jeweler, she’d weighed them, smelled them and sunk her false teeth deep into the soft golden metal in the same amount of time it took her to lean her head further back and allow the desire she felt within to fully envelop her body and give herself to the vampire.

Biting deep, the Coont sank his fangs into Josephine’s neck as she held onto the gold coins as tight as a young kid holds onto his last toffee after his big sisters appeared in the room.

The Coont breathing deep as he drew the blood from this maiden’s neck through his fangs and into his mouth. The vampire groaning with pleasure as he felt the crack cocaine, heroin, and everything else Josephine had pushed through her system that day begin to flood through his veins.

The drugs taking over the Coont’s mind and body with an incredibly euphoric feeling he had never felt before. Then with his head spinning and doing kaleidoscopic cartwheels around the room, he pulled away, dribbling, gasping, and dropping blood all over Igor’s white living room carpet.

Standing herself straight, Josephine looked to the Coont, picked up a napkin off the candlelit dining table, wiped her neck down as quick as she would sperm from her chin, and said,

“Right then, good job ... all done.”

And with that, she was across the messed-up carpet, grabbing her handbag as she went. She reached the living room’s big door and with her high heels clicking on the marble floor, she headed under Napoleon’s grandiose chandeliers and straight out the front door.

What in God’s name had just happened? Igor thought as he watched the vampire lay himself down on the now blood-stained carpet. The Coont holding on to his cape spread across the floor so as he would not fall over. Then as Igor stood over the Coont looking down on him, he saw the vampire’s glazed bloodshot eyes meet his, and as they did, he heard the Coont say,

“Slave, I - I - I - lovvvveeeeth - you!”

************

Well, that was weird, Josephine thought as she sat in the back of the cab that took 10 minutes to arrive after she’d called from outside the gate of Igor’s mansion. She looked at the two gold coins and checked them a second time to see if they were real. It looked that way. They were the same as the one she’d cashed out earlier that same afternoon. Wow! Near on four grand for 5 minutes of action and a bit of fucking around. No wonder the high-end girls out of Yaletown make the effort to get over here.

She hit the bridge that would take her back downtown and to the east side that she had come to know so well. The room she rented would seem bleak now in comparison to the opulence she’d just witnessed. Nonetheless, that would all be forgotten as soon as she’d managed to take a hit on some crack and sink another needle into the vein between her big toe. Yeah, that would all be forgotten, and all would be good with the world.

************

If ever there was a good time to get the Coont back in his coffin, it was now. But it wasn’t looking possible as the vampire had now gone from lying down, worrying about falling up, to being stuck to the ceiling and worrying about falling down. At some point he’d meet in the middle, and then Igor could just float him like a balloon to the ironwood coffin and lock him back in, he hoped. Then he could go skiing the next day as he’d planned to. But goddamn it, the coffin was downtown still, and the roof box was at the cottage. And for that matter, the Coont was still stuck to the high ceiling.

************

Four hours later, Igor started worrying about the sunrise. He had gone to fetch a ladder to pull the Coont down and just as he was fixing some protection for the carpet under the ladder’s feet, the Coont dropped like a television from a rock star’s hotel window onto the floor below.

Looking up, the vampire said to Igor, “Slave, where art thou?”

Then he stood and straightening his cloak as he looked around the room, he asked, “Thy maiden, where be her presence? I have yet to feast.”

“Gone, Master.”

“Her presence! I demandeth thee bring her. Feast once more, I must.”

Igor looked out across the water towards the shimmering lights of the city. The chances were slim that she’d be back down the alley selling drugs or blowing losers after walking out of the mansion with those two gold coins. A couple of days, though, if she was still with us, yeah, maybe. But now, no. The likelihood of finding her tonight were slim to none.

He said, “Fed, you have Master, the sun cometh.”

The Coont looked to the east and like a kid not wanting to go to bed when his mother asked, he was having none of it. Looking to the night sky through the mansion’s windows, he tilted his nose to the air.

“Time is of strength, slave. Fly now we must and feast upon maidens for thereth be plenty.”

But Igor couldn’t fly, and the Coont knew that. With these words, Igor knew the Coont was still out to lunch, and there was a chance he could get him back downtown and clamped down within the ironwood coffin before the sun rose and turned the vampire to dust. With a change of heart, he quickly said, “Master, thy maiden awaits you; cometh now.”

The Coont shook his head.

“Taste thy maiden within the air I have but not.”

“Worryeth not Master, soon thy shall - I’ll take you downtown in the Tesla!” Igor quickly replied.

************

With blood still on his chin from the two maidens he’d bitten so far that night, the Coont sat, stoned in the front passenger seat of the Tesla. He stared in marvel out of the window. Slurring slightly, he said, “Carriage of gold hath no horses, slave?”

“Yes, Master.”

“Thy bringeth I a fresh virgin maiden, slave?”

“Yes, Master.”

“A bosom of plenty, I ask?”

“Yes, Master.”

They reached the lights just before the Lions Gate Bridge and felt the traffic as it began to slow. The police there with their blue and red lights flashing intimidation in the darkness, turning the road into their own cosmic red and blue light show. The Coont sitting there looking out at the police standing strong and with presence. The lights leaving streamers in the Coont’s mind. Without a second thought, the Coont simply said, “Killeth thine knights now slave and move thy chariot onwards, for mine thirst is great.”

“They are the police, Master.”

“Of what Kingdom these knights roameth?”

Igor shook his head and closed his eyes. My goodness, he thought, what in God’s holy name was going on? How simple life was for this relic of the forgotten past. Kill, feed, sleep, repeat. And in between that have his ‘slave’ do all the hard work and running around in exchange for the gift of a shitty life, which was for eternity.

He said, “We cannot kill them. We are not living in that world any longer. They are like knights, but called police. They are more dangerous than thee, Master. They are known to kill even vampires.”

Turning to his slave, the Coont waited for a moment, then scoffed. His teary eyes red and bloodshot. Then in a mixture of disdain and confusion, he spoke, “Continue, must you speak of this language such Franc?”

“It is the language they speak in this land of far, Master.”

A policeman reached Igor’s side window and gestured for him to roll it down. Igor did just that. Looking in, the police stared at Igor and his scars and then to the Coont with his white face, swept-back hair, fanged teeth, and blood-stained chin. Paying him no heed, the cop asked as he leaned in slightly like a hound sniffing for the scent of alcohol,

“Doing any drinking tonight, fellas?”

“I drinketh the blood of a maiden fair.” The Coont answered quickly, without looking up.

“Not tonight, no,” Igor carried on, ignoring the vampire seated next to him as he answered.

“Drugs?”

“No,” Igor answered with a smile. Not me that is, he thought. The Coont, well that was a different story.

Moving back away from the car, the cop waved them through. Calling out as they passed,

“Have Dracula put his belt on.”

The Coont looked at his slave as he pulled the car back onto the road using this strange wheel to control the horses he was yet to see.

“These knights of this strange kingdom - they fear I not?”

“No, Master.”

“Yet knoweth mine name?”

“Yeah,” said Igor as he smiled and hit the bridge for downtown. “You’ve become quite popular.”

They hit downtown with its towering condominium complexes that rose up from the land. The Coont settling into the front seat of the strange chariot which made no sound. He stared up at the towering monoliths built of steel and glass.

“Here I journeyed after thy wake?”

“Yes, Master.”

“I haveth returned to mine maiden.”

Ok, so it was over here he’d come, Igor thought. He’d bitten a girl the night before when he’d killed the Lupei boy. He said, “The sun, I fear Master, soon it will be here.” The Coont was now confused. The light from the city seemed to be everywhere, and the streaming cop lights still burnt into his eyes. When he was up high flying, he could see the mountains and the horizon beyond. Up in the sky, he could see the moon and the stars, feel the wind and the air currents. He had his bearings. But here, locked within this strange chariot with its silent invisible horses, making all these quick angled turns that went this way and that at speed. It was confusing him. Not only that, this strange, tiny paper tree that hung from twine and smelled of the forest was complicating things further. He said quickly to Igor,

“Halt thy chariot, slave.”

“What be eth thine problem, Master?” answered Igor, as he slowed. The Coont’s slave wondering if he could still make the extra two blocks to reach the condo where the ironwood coffin lay. Then he said, “Yes, Master.” And kept on driving.

The Coont looked at him, his brow wrinkling as he sensed defiance from his slave. He shouted, “Halteth! Slave, thou defyeth such command?”

Igor shook his head as he took another corner. “No, Master.” He was nearly there. One more road to go and he’d be outside and parked up right below his condo, on the street next to the tree with the broken branches on its sidewalk. He said, his voice in a worried tone,

“Not I, Master, the horses yield they will not.”

Then he reached the building. Feigning the response of a carriage driver pulling up his fleet of horses after seeing a highwayman robber in the forest next to a downed tree, Igor stopped the Tesla right outside the door. He said, “I’m sorry, Master. The horses are strong of mind in this kingdom.”

They got out, the Coont stretching his arms and back as he pulled his cloak above himself. The vampire sniffing the air for prey. He said, “Before here, I hath been prior, slave.”

“Yes, Master.”

The Coont looked up through the tree to the balcony high above which he had plummeted from the previous evening.

“Freed from thy chamber by my captors, from this turret yonder did I fly with strength, slave.”

Oh, so that’s what it was, Igor thought, that’s why I’d been spared. The Coont had thought the Lupei had been holding him captive for all this time and now he was free. Going with it, he said, “Yes, Master, you are free now.”

And free the vampire was indeed.

Then, just as Igor was about to usher the vampire up the stairs and coax him back into his coffin for maybe another century or two, the Coont sniffed the air, catching something that heightened his senses. He flipped his cape, and in one smooth whooshing motion, he was off again into the night with his wellington boots hanging below him. Disappearing up and over the tree line. Quickly Igor jumped into the car, threw it into drive and drove away silently at speed. He took a left, then a quick right, following the Coont as he headed through the night towards the park by the water. The vampire getting lower and lower as his boots crashed into each treetop, one after the other as they weighed him down.

Running out of road, Igor bumped the gold Tesla up the curb and carried on along the sea walk, following the vampire in the darkness.

Five seconds later, he had caught up. The Coont floating right above him as the leaves and small branches rained down. Then suddenly, like a helicopter in trouble, the Coont came low into a clearing.

With his cape flailing behind him, he spun two full circles, rose up again into the treetops, caught a heavy branch, and like an out-of-control Acapulco cliff diver who’d missed his footing, the Coont rolled around and around in the air, twisting and turning as he fell and landed hard with a thump on the grass below.

Squeezing the car through the trees, Igor drove to the vampire as he lay motionless on the ground. Lining the car up to hold the Coont in his high beams, Igor got out. Slowly the vampire began to rise as he came around and levitating himself into an upright position, he composed himself. His cloak falling into place behind him. Looking Igor in the eyes as he arrived, he said,

“Slave, why art thy hereeth now?”

He’s not with it, Igor thought as he looked at the vampire, with a huge grass and muddy skid mark across his face. The demon’s eyes now yellow and red and black and a bigger mess than he’d ever seen them before. The Coont pointed to the convention centre at the other end of the park, and said, “Bringeth thine horses from thou castle!”

Igor looked to the convention centre, its lights from the windows shining bright in the distance.

“Prepare us to ride. I wisheth to see mine queen.”

With absolutely no clue which queen the Coont was referring to, he said, “Yes, Master, thine queen awaiteth you. Come to thy chariot and lay trail.”

With gooey watery eyes and wellington boots, the Coont followed Igor towards the car’s headlights. The Coont shouting out as he limped,

“Douse thy chariot’s flame, slave - It burneth I!”

They reached the side of the car as Igor opened the door for the Coont to get back in as he checked the horizon. Dawn was approaching, the light of the sun beginning to lick the base of the clouds far in the distance.

“It is not mine chariot that burn thee. Dawn cometh, Master. Haste is of must!”

Then just as he was about to slide himself back into this chariot of gold, he turned quickly, breathing deeply, he said, “Lupei! They are close, slave ... Kill them - saveth the queen!”

Igor closed the door on the Coont and sat back inside the driver’s seat. Closing his own door, he spun the car with its four-wheel drive around on the grass and left the opening. Bumping over the roots as he drove under the trees and back onto the seawall. Passing two guys standing at its side as he reached the end and bumped back down the curb, whipping across the level crossing back out onto the street.

Seconds later, Igor was back at the entrance to his condo. Before the Coont could say another word, he had him through the foyer, in the elevator, along the corridor of the whole floor he now owned and back into the room where he’d killed the Lupei boy the night before.

The Coont stood there in a daze as he looked to his open coffin laying in the bedroom’s en-suite windowless bathroom.

Gesturing his hand towards the open coffin, Igor said, “Sleep now, Master, for with haste the dawn cometh!”

The Coont looked down to the gold coins lying upon the red silk. He said, “Mine goldeth slave?”

“Yes, sleep upon thy gold; rest Master, the dawn cometh.”

As the comfort of the silk drew him in, the vampire stepped back into his coffin, left warm and cozy as it lay on the grey slate bathroom floor with its heated tiles. He sat, and then as the vampire lay his head down into the silk, he turned his watery now grey eyes to Igor and said,

“Sleep I will, slave - though thy turret, safe I pray not, upon this silk it turns as one lays.”

“Sleep, Master. Cover you now, I shall.”

Fuck yes, Igor thought as he grabbed the coffin lid and began to lay it back on top of the Coont. He had him! What a stroke of luck, the woman in the red dress had been so fully loaded with whatever she’d been on all day and the Coont had taken such a huge hit of her blood. Now all he had to do was fix the lid on tight, carry the coffin along with the Coont inside, ram it in whatever way he could into the back of the SUV, and get him back into the cottage’s cellar.

Spring skiing was back on for the weekend, and he could then polish up and practice the violin for the rest of the week for the little concert performance that was coming soon.

Then just as he lay the top of the lid down to force the confinement upon the Coont, the Coont’s hand whipped out, grabbing Igor’s arm by the wrist as he felt the incredible force of the vampire’s strength pull his hand into the coffin. He then heard the Coont say from the darkness within, “Slave, hold I, for circular motion mine bed does spin.”

With those words and a vice-like grip of iron upon Igor’s wrist, the Coont fell into a deep, drug-induced sleep. Igor lay there, trapped on the floor next to the semi-open coffin with his right hand pulled tight against the vampire’s leathery chest.

Goddamn it, Igor thought again as he tried to pull his hand free so that he could finish the job. But for all he tried, he could not make it budge. Twisting his arm, he struggled to his knees as the lid of the coffin shifted up to one side. With his free hand, he pulled the lid back off and heard the heavy ironwood land with a thump upon the slate floor. Maneuvering himself above the Coont, he then pushed the heavy lid back towards the edge of the bath.

Trying again, he pulled at the Coont’s grip. Twisting his arm one way and then the other. Feeling his skin burn as he stretched it to its limit. The vampire’s clasp wasn’t going to give; it wasn’t budging, not for a second. At this rate, unless the vampire’s hand loosened in an hour or so, all that was left was for him to bite his arm off like a fox or a rabbit caught in a trap. But that was drastic measures. Sitting himself down again, he found the most comfortable position for his arm and relaxed.

How long did I have before dusk? he thought. The Coont would wake again then, no doubt with a headache, and let him go. It was almost six am now, so maybe twelve hours on from now. Then the idiot who’d given him eternal life would be awake, and he’d have to do it all again.

But his time would come. He needed to be patient that’s all, patient and courteous to a tee. Be a good slave to his master as he’d done before, all those years ago, when he’d worked hard at the castle attending to the Coont’s every need and putting up with the evergrowing vampire horde that lay deep within the castle’s warren of dark tunnels. Then after he’d locked the Coont away in the coffin he now lay in, he’d worked harder as he’d stalked and killed these same demons.

Yeah, my time would come again, he thought as he took a deep breath. Then another, and another. He drew in a third and let it out, feeling the air escape his lungs slowly. Closing his eyes, he felt the silence as dawn came. The last throes of night calming him as the under-floor heating rose up from below the slate and permeated its way through his buttocks. Then just as sleep came, Igor heard the slightest creek of the front door and the muffled footsteps of the Lupei boys as they entered the condo.


