


CHAPTER ELEVEN

Sorin stepped nervously through the open door first, followed by Cristi. The Lupei boys trying as hard as they could to stay silent. Keeping their feet stretched to the side of the corridors as they carried their heavy backpacks. Each of them laden with a crucifix and their sharpened wooden stakes. Both boys worrying as much about the noise of their thumping hearts as they were about every step they took upon the hardwood floors.

The sun was just rising now, and the demon would be asleep.

They reached the living room, stood against the wall, and listened. The apartment silent with no sound at all, and for a moment, they stayed still looking at each other. The sweat filling their brows as, despite the broken glass on the balcony floor, they both wondered whether they’d entered the right apartment in the first place.

Taking a deep breath, Sorin moved himself off the wall, crept across the pure white carpet and stood in the center of the room. His hand trembling as he held the stake he’d bought at the hardwood store. He walked to the heavily curtained window and opened the drapes to the dawn sky as the sun rose in the east.

The open plan kitchen blending into the side of the room, its large microwave convection oven sitting with pride of place on the granite-topped counter. The large, chrome tap that swooped down in an arch towards the sink making Sorin’s mouth feel even dryer. His tongue sticking to the roof of his mouth. He looked around the large living room with its fancy sofa and dining table. Two doors were closed tight. The other door with its broken window was wide open and laid way to the carpetless bedroom.

Was this how it had been for Philippe when he’d come up here alone? Sorin thought. Had he stood here like this with his hands shaking? He must have. But he’d been braver, as he’d come alone and at night. But where was he now? Sorin wondered. The last contact they’d received after the three boys had split up in their search was the address of this building. Philippe wild with excitement and fear as he’d told them he’d seen the man with scars, and this is where they had come and waited again for Igor to return.

Then Sorin saw the edge of the strap from Philippe’s backpack strewn against the wall in the carpetless bedroom. Sorin’s heart began to pound even harder than he believed possible. He looked to Cristi, not moving, standing with his back pushed tight against the wall.

What am I doing? he thought, Why am I here? He could be in a café with friends, with Philippe even, back in Borsa. This cousin he’d never met could be sitting in some fancy salon in Bucharest getting lines put into his greasy hair instead of being here in this place, trembling. He continued moving forward, slowly putting one foot in front of the other until he reached the door to the carpetless room.

From what he could tell, it was a bedroom, made dark by another set of heavy drapes and the main bedroom. Fancy built-in wardrobes lined one wall with full-length mirrors surrounded by a solid, thick, wooden trim. He looked to the north-facing window with its curtains shut and stepped in. Seeing Philippe’s backpack in full view, laying upside down against the wall next to the en-suite bathroom with its door open.

Sorin moved slowly towards the bathroom door. Hearing every step as he crept. Laying each footstep down as quietly as he could as he went. He reached the wall and slowly moved along until he stood at the side of the bathroom door. Then with a deep breath, he twisted his body and moved his head around the corner to look inside. His stomach rising quickly in fear as he saw, for a fleeting second, the Coont lying sleeping in his open ironwood coffin holding the wrist of the man with scars, kneeling before him. Then with a crash, the bathroom door came smashing back, closing in his face.

Goddamn it! Igor thought as he tried to stand and again attempted to pry his wrist from the vampire’s grip.

This was not good. If he could get free, he’d have been out there and could have disposed of that kid, and whoever else was sneaking around in the apartment with him. Standing, he tried to lift the Coont from the coffin but could not move him at all. The vampire seemingly stuck fast to the inside. How much does the demon weigh? Igor wondered as he tried to remember if he’d had this much trouble during the previous times he’d moved him.

Igor was strong. He knew that. Now though, locked in the bathroom with a couple of kids outside, looking no doubt to kill them both, it meant for nothing.

Calling through the door, he offered up his first warning to the Lupei boys as he had many times before.

“Lupei, leave now, and I’ll spare your life, child. Go home and grow old.”

But Sorin Lupei wasn’t going anywhere. He stood in the center of the room, staring at the bathroom door that had just slammed in his face. The kid swallowing hard as he listened to the vampire keeper’s words and felt his hands and legs shake. Glancing to Cristi as he appeared, he said to his cousin, “The fucking Coont’s in there -he’s in there with that fuckhead with the scars.”

Cristi stood there with his mouth open and his stake in his hand, not knowing what to do. He asked,

“What about Philippe?”

Then without really thinking it through or waiting for an answer about his cousin, he carried on with, “Let’s burn them to death.”

It was an option, Sorin thought, but why had the scarred man not just come straight out there and tried to kill them? He was not affected by daylight, and, from folklore, he knew that the man was capable. Not only that, having now seen the man up close, why would he and Cristi think they would stand a chance against him even if Sorin did have a green belt in Judo from when he was a kid? In almost a whisper, he said as he felt his heart pound and his knees shake,

“We can’t start a fire. The fire brigade would be here in five minutes, then where would we be? The man with scars will just kill them and then us once they put the fire out. Besides, the building may be full of families. We could burn down the whole tower.”

So, they both knew they had three options. Burn both their asses in there, which wasn’t going to happen, or put a stake through the Coont’s heart. But they had to get through the scarred man in the process, which was going to be tough. The third option was the one that had been drummed into them by their uncles and aunts, and whoever else had managed to get them alone for a pep talk before they’d left Romania.

“The sun was their greatest weapon,” they’d continually said. “Use it every chance you can, for there is nothing stronger.” The family had told them repeatedly with the confidence of someone who had actually been in the boys’ shoes. Which none of them actually had.

Sorin quickly walked over and, pulling open the thick curtains, looked out the window of the north-facing bedroom. The sun now peeking out from below the mountains in the east. Soon, from the angle of the sun at this time of year, once it had left the mountains and began to rise, traveling west in the sky, it would hit the window for at least a few minutes.

Looking over, he said to Cristi, his voice trembling from the panic he felt inside, “We need to get the door open.”

Cristi looked back to him, feeling the evil as it emanated through the bathroom door. After all the talk, the kid now hesitant about the prospect of being so close to the demon. Sorin gestured to him to try the door as they heard heavy scraping sounds coming from the other side.

Taking a deep breath and still holding the sharpened stake, Sorin walked forward again and tried to open the door. Only to find it now stuck. He looked back to Cristi. The kid for the moment seeming as though he’d forgotten about his hair. Using the front of his toes, Sorin gave the bottom of the bathroom door a quick shove. It was shut solid, almost as though something heavy was there, blocking the door from opening. Then stretching up, he pushed the top with both hands and felt it give.

He walked back, stood next to Cristi, and quietly whispered, “The coffin was open. Let’s smash the door in.”

Cristi’s face said it all. How and what were they going to do once they had smashed the door in?

Quickly Sorin looked one more time to the window, then ran over to the built-in wardrobe and kicked the mirror hard in its centre, once then twice. Breaking the mirrored glass in two. Then, using the pointy end of his stake, he prized the mirror away from the door panel as he said in almost a snarl to Cristi,

“Go grab that big microwave from the kitchen and bring it in here.”

What are we gonna do, cook them? Cristi thought as he ran to the kitchen and began to pull the device from the wall slot on the counter. By the time he’d pulled it and carried it back into the room, Sorin had already pulled all the sticks out of his bag and had the door under strain with the sticks now stuck into the sides and upper part of the bathroom door.

Walking back and full of fighting nervous energy, he whispered to his cousin, “There’s a good reason he’s not coming out. I think the Coont’s hurt; you saw him fall from the sky by that tree.” Cristi had seen the Coont land with a thump. The two boys hidden away waiting close to the outside of the condo building, seeing Igor in his golden chariot as he passed. The boys then chasing the Tesla as it ramped up the seawall and catching up just in time to see the Coont come crashing to the ground.

“He’s not moving from him,” Sorin carried on in a whisper. “The lid’s off. We’re going to wait for the sun to hit the window. Then, we’ll throw that microwave through the top of that shitty door and use the mirrors to push the sun in through the gap. And if that doesn’t work, we’ll fucking spear him.”

Looking around, Cristi asked, “With what?”

It was a good point, Sorin thought. He really didn’t have an answer to that, but he’d worry about that once they had the door open. If the man with scars had not come out and killed them, that is.

They both walked to the window and looked out. Sorin was right -the sun was coming their way. Walking back, they each grabbed the biggest piece of mirror they could find. They placed the mirror pieces against the wall of the now messed-up room and lifted up the large convection microwave. The two wrapped the plug around its center, and then standing on either side, held it shoulder high.

Adjusting the weight in his hands and staring at the ominous bathroom door that stood between them and pure evil, Cristi took a deep breath, and prepared to run. He whispered, “What are we going to do again when we smash down that door, and that big guy comes running out?”

************

Igor wondered what in God’s name those kids were doing out there. What did they hope to achieve if they managed to get the door open like they were trying to? But with the Coont’s heavy ironwood coffin now rammed up against the bottom, there was little chance of that happening.

The Coont’s hand was still holding him like a vice and frustrating him no end, especially when he’d heard them start to smash the place up. It was an odd circumstance to be in - there was little doubt in that. But he’d been in worse in his day while clearing the land of demons, that was for sure. Centuries ago, when he’d been stuck in tunnels and chambers with no underfloor heating and vampires instead of kids waiting outside to kill him.

Outside he could hear the kids’ whispers and their scheming. Happy to hear a modern-day version of his native tongue, which he had not heard for some time. The boys talking about going to ‘bucatar’ the Coont.

Then suddenly, he heard them scream furiously as they ran at the door from the other side of the bedroom. With a huge crash, something heavy hit the door above him, moments before he saw the convection microwave oven he’d picked out from the condo sales catalog come smashing through. The flimsy bathroom door snapping under the force of impact as the oven crashed down hard, hitting Igor right on the head before it landed with a thump, bouncing once more off the side of the coffin before coming to a rest in the center of the new bathroom that Igor had yet to use.

He looked up quickly just as the dust from the door’s filler began to settle to see the boy he’d seen earlier looking through the door now take a quick look through the gap. Then a mirror appeared, catching the early morning sun. Sending a ray of golden light down through the dust and onto the Coont’s wellington boots.

Jesus Christ, Igor thought as he batted the air in a feeble attempt to swat the reflected sun’s rays away from his master. The tiny pinprick hole that had made it through the car’s roof box was enough to remove his toes. If this shaft hit his ancient clothes or his skin for real, then it would be game over for the Coont and then for himself pretty soon after. The pair of them would be history - the Coont would be turned to ash before most people had eaten breakfast.

Moving fast, he leaned over the Coont, taking the sun’s rays on his back. Reaching out, he grabbed the coffin lid from the side of the bath and dragged it back on top of the Coont, covering the vampire and restricting his own movement considerably. He looked up to the door. The young man’s face there now, showing an equal mix of fear, courage, and determination as he moved the mirror from side to side, shining the morning sunlight around the coffin and into Igor’s eyes.

Igor looked to the coffin. The gap where his arm went in was no more than a couple of inches now as he leaned his weight down upon it squashing his own arm tight. Maybe the light would get in, yes, from the soft reflection off the wall. But bouncing off the direct sun once, perhaps twice removed by the one or two mirrors they were using to get it through the hole, would only cause superficial damage.

Then, as the sun moved around the building, the shaft slowly became smaller and smaller until it was hardly there at all.

Igor crouched on the bathroom floor, looked at the hole in the top of the door, and wondered what these kids would come up with next. Fire maybe, but the building had sprinklers, and the firemen would be there almost as quickly as the kids made it out of the building.

Other than staking his heart or severing the Coont’s head, there was not a lot else they could do, and that wasn’t going to happen as they still needed to get through him. Unless he was overpowered by a horde of one hundred men. So that was out of the question. All he had to do now was stay put until the Coont either let go or woke up at dusk. If it was going to be the latter, it was going to be difficult, as he really needed to use the toilet.

There was movement on the other side of the door, and he could hear something else being dragged across the floor outside. Then there was movement again, and what sounded like tape being unraveled. The terrified face of another young man with slicked-back oily hair carefully peeked through the hole in the top of the door. The kid disappearing for a moment and then appearing again with some washing-up liquid, which he began to squirt it down into Igor’s face.

Come on! Igor thought as he held his one free hand out in front of his face keeping the spray from his eyes as he once again regretted buying the condo and getting himself into this mess.

Goddamn it!

Then just as he thought they had run out of liquid, one of the long wooden strips that lined the mirror appeared with a big kitchen knife taped to its end. The homemade spear whipped through the hole at the top of the door at incredible speed, stabbing him straight in the chest and piercing his lung.

Just missing the homemade spear with his free hand and struggling to breathe, Igor lashed out, trying to grab the stick as it whipped back out of the hole. Then a small fire extinguisher opened up on him, spraying a cloud of white powder down into the bathroom, clouding his eyes and choking him more as he felt the spear hit him once again in the top of his arm and shoulder blade.

Doing his best to breathe as the powder from the extinguisher began to settle, he looked down, trying to see and feel the wound that was in his chest. He was bleeding badly, but he’d had worse. Then as he looked back up at the hole, the now-empty extinguisher came flying through, skimming off his head and hitting the tiled wall behind him. These kids were becoming annoying.

Grabbing a towel, he put a piece in his teeth, tore off a strip and then stuck it into the knife wound in his chest and plugged the gap. Short of breath, he looked around him. He could lift the coffin lid back up, block the hole, and barricade the door. Yeah, he’d do that, expose the Coont, and keep these kids at bay - if he was lucky, they’d wake up the Coont, and the vampire could release him. Or if the kids got too close, he would maybe be able to kill them if that became necessary.

Then as he began to open the coffin again, freeing himself slightly, the spear came through once more, catching him with a stab, this time in his hand as he lifted it to protect himself.

“Goddamn it!” he said again out loud as he looked to the new gash in his hand. The blood running from the deep cut blended with the blood already there from his chest and shoulder. Then some bleach came through, hitting him further at the top of his head, making him wonder where they’d got it from.

This is ridiculous, he thought as he sat there bleeding and wiping the stinging bleach from his eyes. How long were these kids going to keep this up — all day?

With his free hand bleeding, Igor reached down and began to move the Coont’s coffin away from the bathroom door. Slowly dragging it back across the warm slated tile. He reached the other end of the bathroom and sat himself down for a moment. Resting his back while he leaned into the glass shower enclosure, he stretched himself to run the low tap which had been installed for washing your feet. Grabbing the water with his free hand, he wiped the bleach from his face.

As soon as his vision returned, he looked up to see Sorin looking at him through the hole in the door. Smiling, he said to the young man,

“The door’s open. Come on in.”

But Sorin and Cristi weren’t going anywhere near the man with the scars. They new the stories of his cunning and his strength and how he’d protected the Coont while the vampire plague that cursed Borsa had slowly diminished throughout the years, until there was no vampire plague at all.

With his free hand, Igor dug into the Coont’s coffin and felt for the coins that lay to the sides of the sleeping vampire. Grabbing a handful, he pulled them out and threw four, one at a time, through the hole in the door. He then called out,

“That’s around eight thousand dollars’ worth of gold. You know the only way you can get to the Coont is through me, and I’m not going anywhere. I’ve a few more coins here. You can have them all if you leave and go back to where you came from.”

The two young men listened as Cristi picked up a coin from the floor and studied it. He liked money of any sort. These, though, were something special. Centuries-old minted gold. He felt the weight and picked up the rest. Yeah, these felt good, he thought. He looked at Sorin still standing on the fridge they’d dragged in from the kitchen and laid on its side outside the door, making a platform they could stand on to be more accurate with the spear.

“Don’t even think about it,” Sorin said as he stared back at his cousin. His nerves now holding reasonably steady as the adrenalin of the fight took over. Then another coin came through the hole in the door, spinning through the air and landing with a clonk. Then another and another and another as gold began to rain down around them. Coins each worth more than either kid had in this world clattering onto the side of the horizontal fridge and carpetless bedroom floor.

Sorin looked to the gold that now lay all around him. Then back to Cristi, who was already picking it up. Still sensing the evil, he said to his cousin, “Remember what’s behind there? Remember they may have killed Philippe, don’t forget that?”

Then Igor called out, “Take the gold and go. You wouldn’t be the first!”

Sorin looked to Cristi. “Don’t listen to him. We need to kill them both if we can while we have this chance.”

Cristi stared at the door and then at the money on the floor. Climbing up onto the side of the fridge next to Sorin, he took a closer look. He and his cousin were out of ammo and options, from what he could see. Despite the blood and his sucking chest wound, the man with the scars looked more like he just had his arm stuck than he was frightened. Then, as Igor’s eyes met his, Cristi heard Igor call out to him,

“Hey hero, grab your weak stakes and come on in. Why don’t you? The door’s open, the Coont’s right here. Come and kill him!”

And with that, Igor leaned over and with his free hand opened the coffin right up, exposing the vampire to them both.

Sorin and Cristi stood there in awe as the chill of the vision before them ran through their bodies. There he was, the Coont in plain view. The demon himself of whom stories centuries old had been told. The vampire sleeping with his eyes closed and sunken deep into his pasty white skin. His chest rising slowly as he breathed easy and held tight to the wrist of the one man whom the stories told had protected him for so long.

Igor called out to them. “Take a good look as it’s the only time you’ll ever see him like this. If he wakes now, he’ll smell you, release me, and command I kill you in an instant.”

Then he closed the lid again, and as he did, Sorin regretted right then and there not throwing the spear. But not unlike seeing a wild cat breeze by in the bush, all he’d managed to do was stare in awe.

Fuck! Cristi thought, wishing he’d also pulled out his phone and got a photo. In the moment, he’d even forgotten to do that. But this wasn’t a trip to the zoo. He was here to kill a demon, and that demon was right there. Of course, he’d never thought after being sent halfway around the world on a maybe, he’d ever come up with anything else other than a loose end and he would be back in Bucharest by now. Having his hair done before getting laid and drinking beer with his friends. Telling all who’d care to listen about his great hunt for a dangerous, elusive vampire.

Saying as he sat back holding his beer, how tradition had called in the Lupei family and having no dependents, like Sorin and Philippe, he’d had no other option than to go. Igor called out,

“So do you want to grow old back home living off this demon’s gold? Or do you want to end up dead like your friend?”

That one hit hard and hurt. The sudden confirmation of Philippe’s departure from this world struck Sorin to his core. Feeling the pain, he stepped down from the fridge and sat on its side. In anger, he called back to the man with the scars who they had trapped,

“You killed him, you fuck?”

“Not me, my friend, the vampire. But truth is, your friend killed himself. He should never have opened the vampire’s casket. It’s not just ‘his life’ you’ve now wasted since. You should have approached me first and I would have set you straight about the danger. Then sent you both home rich.”

That was bullshit and both the boys knew it. Laying a guilt trip on them about wasted lives because they tried to do something this prick who was defending the vampire right now should have done centuries before.

Standing back up and picking a wooden stake from the floor, Sorin called out as he launched the sharpened stake at the vampire’s slave in anger, whipping it through the hole in the door. The wooden stake spinning dangerously as it came at Igor at speed. Hitting him in the arm before whipping off again and crashing into the back wall of the shower.

“Use that and kill the fucking vampire yourself then, do what you should have done centuries ago!”

But that was never going to happen. Once had been terrifying enough when it came to death for the man with the scars.

However, Cristi though was not as upset about Philippe’s death as his cousin. The young boy with his fancy clothes and slicked-back hair quite fancied two of the three options Igor had given.

For years he’d sat half-listening to the stories, putting it down to myth. Now he was right here. Sitting on the front line of a war that had been running for centuries. Yeah, he’d one hundred percent take the gold. Yeah, of course, he’d like to grow old. Did he want to die at the hands of a demon, or worse, become one himself, as the ancient stories had told of ancestors who had grown teeth and not come home? That was a one hundred percent no. The coins he now held in his hands were not really that much of an unexpected surprise. The gold being pretty much all that had been talked about by uncles and aunts on his side of the family tree since the man with scars had surfaced, and his name had been picked to go.

Without a word to Sorin, who for some reason seemed to have taken charge of this full-pronged attack, Cristi called out, yelling back at the man with the scars, “Yeah, throw out your gold, and if we think there is enough, we’ll leave.”

Ignoring the look of confusion from Sorin, Cristi listened to Igor adjust the coffin lid once more as he walked back to the kitchen. A few minutes later, Cristi was back, and by the time he had scooped a few more gold coins from the carpetless room and put them into his own bag, he was ready. Igor lagging out the whole process for as long as he could whilst he dug around the Coont’s body slowly each time, pulling out the odd coin and chucking it through the hole in the door to keep them occupied. The man with scars now as bored with the whole situation as he was looking at Sorin, standing tall with his spear.

It was a ploy that had worked many times with the Lupei family, as he knew them to have a greedy streak. Once again, centuries on, it seemed to be working. It was getting late in the afternoon. Making the boys wait for each coin, it would soon be sunset. Then the tables would turn, and this ridiculous ordeal would be over. Would he kill these kids that had been tormenting him all day if they were stupid enough to still be around and give him the chance? He doubted it. Why would he? They were just being brave. It took courage, above all, to take on a demon and his keeper. Even if this time, the keeper had been hobbled by the person he was protecting - the demon who was sleeping and at his most vulnerable.

Let them take the gold, he thought. He would not miss it. He had so much now lying around the basement of his own little castle on the mountainside. More than he’d ever need in this long life he was living.

Igor then caught the smell of cooking fat and wondered if it was drifting in from one of the other apartments above or below. Someone fixing a meal and getting on with their day close by, the aroma drifting up in the wind, unaware of the vampire siege that was occurring close at hand.

Then as the smell of the cooking oil turned from hot to burning and the smoke came, the detector in the kitchen began to sound and he knew whatever was being prepared was just for him. It wasn’t good. He remembered the huge bottle of cooking oil he’d bought for the mansion months back and left in the kitchen cupboard here by mistake. The fancy kid with the hair had been away for a while, and that’s what he was up to. He was heating oil. Not just heating it but burning it by bringing it to a boil.

Pulling hard again at the Coont’s grip that wasn’t budging, Igor looked to the hole in the door. Sorin still standing there with his spear, waiting like a Zulu warrior. The boy looking to his teammate as his friend drew closer and the smell of burning oil built. Then, without a hint of fear, the bathroom door was suddenly kicked open with such ferocity and power that the hinges on the bottom gave. The door’s handle hit the sink unit, chipping the fake granite as it smashed into its side.

From the other side of the door, Cristi suddenly appeared. Holding the broken door with his left foot, he quickly moved into the bathroom, swinging a large pot of already flaming oil with both hands towards Igor. The kid aiming it directly towards the man’s face as he sent the wave of burning, stinking, brown oil down the length of the bathroom.

Almost pulling the Coont and his coffin with him into the shower enclosure. Igor did his best to dodge the oil as he felt its heat hit his clothed skin and burn any exposed skin it now clung too. Instantaneously as the oil hit, the bathroom was alight as a huge whoosh of flame pushed itself into the glass shower enclosure and chased Cristi back out the door.

Through the blaze, Igor watched as Cristi disappeared out of the bathroom. Sorin, dropping off the side of the fridge, threw the spear back into the bathroom through the smoke and flames. The spear’s knife tip skidding off the top of the Coont’s coffin lid and once again hitting and digging into Igor’s shoulder.

So much for the deal! Igor thought as he pulled the tip of the knife from his shoulder and patted out the flames that burnt all around him. The smoke streaming upwards. Moments later and quicker than he thought they would burst, the sprinklers came on, squirting water all around the bathroom from above, for the moment making the flames worse.

Well, at least the kids won’t be hanging about any longer, Igor thought as he suffered the heat and flame. The man with scars now wondering whether this at least would wake the Coont and what excuse he could come up with to the fire brigade or even the cops when they showed.

It wasn’t long before he heard the sirens first, and then the firemen running down the corridor towards their first-ever stovetop fire in a bathroom. They hit the still smoking bathroom and stopped in the doorway. The sprinklers pouring hard, as Igor heard the first firemen into the doorway say, “Fuck me?” through their masks as they stood there under the shower of water pouring down. The veteran firemen staring at the big, black coffin and the man with the scars sitting half out of the shower.

The two firemen, unable to move further as they instantly felt the evil emanating from within the slightly charred coffin. The spear now wedged up against the soap dish. Blood running in the stream of water from Igor’s latest shoulder wound. The firemen’s big thick rubber boots, not too different to the ones the Coont now wore now treading on the remaining gold coins that hadn’t made it through the smashed hole in the door. The firemen having seen everything in their day - but never this.

Then all of a sudden, Igor felt the Coont’s grip on his wrist release. Looking up past the door and into the bedroom, he realized that the sun was now down.


