


CHAPTER TWELVE

As the sprinkler system turned off, the lid to the Coont’s coffin opened from within and dropped to the side. The Coont lay for a second, looking up at the unfamiliar surroundings. Rising up, he sat firstly in one movement and then in the next, almost as if he was floating, he stood. Looking to Igor and ignoring the firemen, the vampire said,

“Thy maiden of red, whereth art she?”

Answering the Coont’s question was going to be hard as Igor had no clue as to where this Josephine women was. Shrugging his shoulders, he read the Coont’s impatience. Carrying on, as always. The Coont stood there without a care for Igor’s wounds and oblivious to the smashed convection oven microwave laying upside down in the bath, the mess the fire had caused to the ceiling and the surrounding walls - even the damage to his coffin. He said,

“Lupei! I smelleth them, kill them, bringeth mine coffin to mine castle. Of much noise this turret do maketh.”

Still ignoring the firemen who’d backed off and were now standing next to the toppled fridge. He moved to the sink and, working out how the taps functioned, washed the blood and dirt from his fall from the previous night’s escapades from his face. The vampire then looked up, somehow staring at himself, reflection-less in the bathroom’s mirror above the sink.

With the sweep of his cloak, the Coont was away from the bathroom, forcing back the firemen with his incredible evil as he passed. Both firemen knowing instinctively what the man was. Seeing a crucifix left on the floor by the boys, one fireman intuitively stooped down. Backing himself against the bedroom’s wall, he held it at arm’s length towards the demon as the Coont walked through towards the living room in his wellington boots.

Stopping halfway, the Coont stared at the fireman and at the cross of Jesus being held to him and waited for a moment.

Something was seriously wrong. Usually, this emblem of God would have repelled him, its power reflecting the goodness and honesty of every Papal priest, bishop, and cardinal it represented. But somehow, now in this strange time and place, it seemed to have no effect at all. In fact, instead of repulsing him, it almost felt as though the unseen power from within the cross was inviting him to join.

Leaving the firemen in their terrified state, the Coont stepped back out onto the balcony and breathed in the early evening air. Then just as true darkness came, he caught the maiden’s scent his senses were searching for and flashed his cloak again. Lifting himself off the balcony clumsily into the air as he left the firemen with their mouths open and disappeared over the trees with his heavy boots dangling below.

************

The Coont reached Granville St with its hordes of youths waiting for their night to begin. Kids standing in groups or in line-ups to the clubs that would soon be full. None of them looking up as the Coont passed by from above. The vampire breathing their scent, looking for just one maiden amongst so many.

Then he found her again, the young girl standing with a group of others at the side of the road. Circling with his cloak flowing freely in the wind, the Coont drifted down, landing in his wellies in the centre of the open cordoned-off road.

Snarling at a group of young men, laughing as they began to approach, teenagers old enough to now drink, startled by the sudden spectacle of the Coont’s arrival. The Coont there in this foreign land full of colored flame and mortals without fear. He looked to Carol as she stood amongst her friends, the girl trying to look cool. The Coont calling her to him with his presence.

Then feeling him close to her, Carol looked around to the vampire standing there in his wellies and cloak in the centre of the road looking like some kind of ridiculous street mime.

Holding his hand up and snarling to the jeering kids in the street, he summoned her to him. Unable to resist and feeling his will command her, Carol, without a word, broke from her group and came to him. Hearing the vampire’s words as the Coont called out to her,

“Cometh hither, mine virgin bride!”

Stepping down from the curb, Carol began to walk into the road towards this specter of the night. The vampire showing his fangs again to the arriving young mortals who’d stopped to stare en masse.

Feeling her uncontrollable need for the Coont overwhelm her, Carol reached him. The young girl taking his hand and laid bare her neck to his fangs. The crowd around watching and taunting at the pantomime of evil playing out before them. The Coont watching the kids around him, hearing them scream out, “Let’s get the party started! ... Let’s get the party started!” as he bit down hard and felt the molly and the three Bacardi spritzers she’d taken earlier run into his bloodstream as her blood mixed with his.

When he could take no more and felt his head becoming light, the Coont pulled his mouth away and stared with his eyes now bright and red at his virgin maiden. Her glazed sated eyes looking back to him as her head lay softly to its side. The flames around him now beginning to stream in his eyes and through his mind. Letting her go from his leathery grip, Carol fell to her knees. The blood trickling from her neck as the Coont leaned down and, holding her lips open, spat long, stringy and sticky mouthfuls of saliva and blood down into her mouth.

Standing straight, the Coont looked up and around at the crowd as the spit and the blood dripped from his chin. The kids all milling about, heckling and laughing in nervous excitement at what they had just seen as Carol knelt upon the road beside him. Leaving Carol dribbling his saliva as she bled, the Coont moved away with his heart now pounding, his cape hanging at his side. He felt different again, full of life and happiness and for a strange reason, he loved and missed Igor, even though he’d kept him up half the day with all the fighting and shouting and fuss going on.

He moved through the strange crowd with purpose as Carol’s blood dripped from his fangs to his chin. The vampire instinctively snarling and showing his claw-like nails to these mortals who showed no fear. Then, for no reason at all other than to show off his true power, he flipped his cape and took off, back up into the night sky. Hearing the shrieks and calls from below as he lifted up and away with his welly boots dangling below him from the crowded street.

Reaching the top of the buildings, the Coont stopped and looked down. He liked the blood which flowed within the veins of the maidens living here in this strange place. The way it made him feel happy and more invincible than he’d ever felt in days before, back when things had been different. Now though he needed more, he needed to feel another maiden surrender to him, have her show him the veins on her neck, feel her skin break as he bit into her and tasted her blood.

He breathed deep, taking in the night air as he flew higher amongst the castle turrets with their walls awash with flame. Yes, he needed that feeling again, not just any maiden, though, but that same maiden again with the dress of rouge. Then as a male dog smells a bitch in heat, the Coont caught the scent of Josephine as she lifted herself from her knees and breathed out as she spat another wad of semen from her mouth.

Like a pigeon swirling down from above to land in a bed of seed, the Coont swept down and landed bang in the middle of Hasting Street. The Coont calling out, staring at all the homeless as they mocked, the vampire flipping his cape back at them from the centre of the road.

“Josephine, my sweet! Cometh I - mine maiden in rouge!”

And with her chin still wet, Josephine came straight out of the alley where she’d just earned another $15. The woman marching straight across the road in her now not-so-new shoes and red dress as the cars on either side blew their horns. The two gold coins she’d received the previous night long gone but not forgotten. Her mind abuzz with the drugs she’d bought with the previous night’s proceeds. Some already consumed, the rest stuffed into her handbag, all of which would undoubtedly be gone by morning.

Reaching him, she said, “I come to you, Master.”

************

Igor had just got the coffin back to his mansion and stuck it in the basement when he heard the taxi beeping its horn behind the gate at the bottom of the driveway. He’d called for the cleaners to come and sort out the carpet, but they were closed and would not be open again until the morning. It was also too late for the restaurant van to come and pick up the trays that still lay where they fell the previous evening. He walked to the foyer and looked at the small security screen to see who was in the cab. And instantly recognized the Coont sitting in the back, looking pie-eyed out the window. Opening the gate, Igor walked out of the big front doors that looked to the north and waited for the taxi to reach him. As soon as it stopped, the rear door was open and the Coont was out. The vampire walking past his slave as though he wasn’t there. Then on the other side, he saw Josephine step out still in the clothes she’d been wearing the previous evening.

Closing the door with a slam, she walked herself round the side of the car, and passing Igor with blood dripping from her neck, she said,

“Pay him, and when I’m done, you better pay me.”

Igor watched as the woman he’d met in the alley selling drugs only the day before walked up the steps to his mansion and entered his home, slamming the door behind her. Turning, he walked over to the cab and, pulling out a $100 note, noticed the two puncture marks on the driver’s neck as he handed it to him through the window. Surprising the man in perfect Arabic, Igor told him,

“Do yourself a favor - go home, hide yourself away, don’t come near this place again.”

But sadly, it was too late, as the man was already cursed. For the Coont, sourcing himself a new horseless chariot, had previously held him down, bit him, then spat saliva and blood into the taxi driver’s mouth.

Turning, Igor walked back up the steps and, opening the door, walked through the ornate lobby, hearing his feet tap on the Italian marble slabs. He reached the living room and stopped. Slowly he closed his eyes in annoyance as he saw Josephine lying with her feet up on his soft leather crème sofa. The woman exposing her neck, as the Coont drank thirstily with his fangs buried deep into her flesh.

Igor watching as the Coont gorged on the woman’s blood. Josephine leaning her head back with her legs open, allowing him to do so like a cat in heat. The woman loose and enjoying the feeling of complete ecstasy in a way no drug had yet made her feel.

Here we go! Igor thought as he wondered how many noble maidens and princesses he had seen years before succumb in such a manner to the Coont’s power. There had been many—many of whom, drunk on the lust the vampire induced in them, had allowed themselves to be turned into vampires just the same as the demon who now possessed them. Vampires Igor had ultimately had to kill in the end.

And here comes another one, Igor thought as he heard the woman moan and watched Josephine’s eyes roll into the back of her head in trance-like satisfaction.

Then as always, when the Coont could gorge no more upon the blood of his now chosen maiden, he pulled out. Leaning his head back, he looked to the ceiling, and with his fangs protruding and covered in blood, he let out a blood-curdling, drug-induced roar.

Igor looked to the blood the vampire had spilled onto his new sofa and the mess of the food still all over the nice white carpet. He really needed to get this relic back into his box and throw away the key. He looked to his violin and thought back to how, only a few nights ago, he’d been sitting in peace as he played quietly. Practicing for his little concert he was soon to perform.

The horsehair bow stroking the ancient strings as the melody flowed from within the Stradivarius almost making him cry. Now he had a demonic monster and a coked-out hooker in his living room playing a different tune. At least she wasn’t blowing him. But if she was, there would probably be less mess. He said to Josephine as he saw her come back to a form of reality only she knew,

“Be careful, the drug this man deals is far worse than any you could find in your world. Soon you will become like him, and life as you know it, will be lost altogether.”

Wondering if the woman had heard him at all, Igor walked over to his violin. He pulled the Stradivarius and the stand over to the corner as he watched the woman pick up a white pillow. Wiping the blood from her neck, Josephine pulled herself up off the sofa. Looking to him, she threw the bloodied pillow down. It became obvious to Igor that she hadn’t missed a word, as he heard the woman say,

“Don’t be worrying about me. Just keep those fucking coins flowing, baby.”

Coins ... yeah coins, Igor though as he remembered all the ones he’d thrown through the door earlier in the day as part of that deal he’d made with those Lupei kids. That deal, built on sand, which had been so easily broken with its fiery conclusion. Feeling the wound in his chest, which he still needed to stitch, he said,

“Don’t forget to grab your teeth before you leave.”

The woman in her heels, with her bleached hair a mess and blood running from her neck, looked down and saw her dentures on the sofa. In disgust, Igor walked out and went upstairs to the bathroom in his large bedroom. He looked at himself in the mirror, took off his top, and stared at his new wounds that would heal soon. They blended in well - once they had healed, they’d be just part of the peculiar horror show his body now was.

He’d be having to kill her soon this Josephine woman, but that had always been the plan. Once the Coont had gone too far and she’d turned that is. She’d be a fighter as well. He could tell that just from her mad eyes.

He looked to a small dish half full of gold coins sitting next to the sink and wondered why he’d put them there. He definitely was obsessed with them - or was it just gold in particular? He certainly had enough. What was the deal with it all? Was it a trophy? he thought as his mind drifted back to when he’d found one particular chest full of the coins.

Igor riding out to the home of a certain demon situated in a small town named Pomorie on the Black Sea. A master vampire who, like the Coont, had reigned havoc over the small hamlet for near on a century. The demon as always, falling for the carriage that the Coont no longer used. Fighting back once Igor had surprised the vampire with his long sword and held it against the wall under the arched entrance to the small castle the creature called home.

Igor hearing the demon’s screams and feeling his body shake and wriggle as he’d stabbed him with his long sword before forcing his ironwood stake into its heart. The demon rueing the night he’d bragged to the Coont, years before, about his vast collection of gold coins and remembering how Igor had listened as the last seconds of the vampire’s life ebbed away.

But that was a long, long time ago and yes, many trophies of gold had he taken from demons whilst their ashes had blown away.

He could hear them outside in the garden now - the Coont and this drug-dealing hooker he’d found in an alley. This woman, laughing as the Coont completely out of character, did so also. Josephine higher now on the blood-lust enchantment the Coont now held for her than the drugs she’d sunk into her body hours before.

Picking up the small bowl full of coins, Igor walked to the window and looked down through the leaded glass panes. The Coont down there with his arms raised in the moonlight, looking at something only he could see in the darkness of the night time sky. Josephine lying on her back on the lawn next to the glass garden table with her skirt up. The woman laughing at nothing with blood still on her neck. The woman having just snorted rail after rail from the large bag of drugs she’d picked up not long after leaving the gold exchange.

Opening the window, Igor reached out and tossed the bowl, coins and all, down onto the lawn beside her. Calling out as they landed and seeing her look up at him through her wasted eyes,

“Here’s your coins, you can go now.” But with this magical, sensual feeling the Coont was stirring up within her each time he drank her blood, Josephine wasn’t going anywhere. Not at least until the sun came up.

As the first glimmers of orange began to show, the Coont began to summon Igor, calling his slave to the garden where he stood with Josephine. What a mess, Igor thought as he looked out the window at Josephine’s nose which was now bleeding as much as her neck. The big bag of dope now empty. How many lines had she leaned over and snorted on the glass-topped garden table? Then to just lay back straight after with her neck exposed to let the Coont feast off her so as she could spread her legs again.

The Coont still in his wellington boots, leaning in and biting, holding on until he could take no more, then releasing, swishing his head away as the hooker’s blood left his mouth before he snarled and spat and waved his cloak. His one hand unconsciously pulling up his usually immaculate black hair as he talked nonsense and screamed at the stars he thought he could touch.

Igor stepped through the patio doors and onto the stone terrace where he’d enjoyed many a peaceful day. He looked at the blood and saliva all around. Looking at one of his chairs that was now somehow broken, he said, “Yes, Master?”

“Payeth mine maiden princess, leave now she must!”

“Payment has been rendered, Master. The maiden shall leave now.”

With a sweep of his cloak, the Coont was then off and away, brushing past Igor without another word. The vampire moving fast through the mansion’s living room. The Coont’s cloak catching on ornaments and vases and original paintings, sending them crashing to the floor as he went. Lost and still out of his tree, the Coont reached the lobby, picked the first door he came across, entered a small corridor and walked until he hit the kitchen. Sweeping through it at speed, leaving bowls and utensils knocked to the floor in his wake, the Coont reached the glass-paned door at the kitchen’s other end and crashing straight through it, stepped back out into the garden. With nowhere to go, he took a left on a path and then at the corner of the mansion took another left, passed along the side of a fishpond, and the rose garden Igor had been growing for the last hundred years, and arrived back exactly where he’d started out on the terrace.

Seeing Josephine still standing in the same spot as when he’d left, he said,

“Slave, a new virgin maiden thou bringeth?”

And without missing a beat, Igor answered, “Yes, Master.”

The Coont stared at the woman he’d just spent the whole night with. His deep red eyes sunken in the white skin on his face looking as though he’d been crying. His hair standing up straight in a tuft in the center of his head. Then he said to her as he held out his hand and twisted his bony fingers towards her face,

“I am Coont Draculi ... Cometh to I, thy maiden.”

And as she walked slowly to the vampire as he leered at her with his teeth bared. Josephine looked at Igor and said,

“Round two baby? I play - you pay.”

************

Strangely for Josephine, the taxi was still there when, at dawn, the vampire’s favorite lover came out the front door and clomped her way down the mansion’s steps in her high heels. The woman looking like a train wreck, still fully loaded with cocaine and whatever else she’d crammed into her bag the day prior. The Coont’s blood and spit in her matted bleached hair.

She opened the back of the taxi and said to the driver, who looked as though he’d been sweating, “Get the fuck downtown.”

Getting into the rear of the cab, she looked up at the meter to make sure it was turned on, only to notice it had not been turned off since she and the Coont had arrived there. Straight away, she snapped, “I’m fucked if I’m paying that! I never told you to wait!”

And she hadn’t, and neither had the Coont. The vampire not even knowing what a taxi was, let alone how they operated.

She carried on, as the driver took her through the gates, “Reset the fucking thing, or the ride’s going to be for free.”

Ignoring her, the cabbie kept driving as he continued to sweat. The Moroccan man not long in the country with his family of four in tow. Calling out the Koran under his breath in the early morning light as he took the winding roads which fell away down the side of the mountain, until Igor’s mansion was just a pinprick amongst the trees.

Josephine felt the sun come up and hit her as its rays breached the mountains to the east, and the city began to bask in its warmth. She opened her purse, looked at all the gold coins she now had and counted them twice. Fifteen coins, fourteen that had hit the ground in the garden as they smashed their way out of the dish that scarred-up fuckhead had thrown onto the lawn, along with the one she’d made the prick give her because that weirdo had come back for round two after she’d already been paid.

Fifteen, wow!

That had to be near on thirty thousand dollars - for letting the idiot act like a fool and bite her with those false teeth. Somehow though, she’d liked the feeling she’d felt when he did so, and his teeth pierced her flesh. Maybe they hit a nerve or something which connected to her clit. The sensation and arousal that overwhelmed her each time he did, was something beyond how she remembered feeling when things had stirred within her sexually in the past.

But that had been another lifetime ago, Josephine thought, as she got out of the cab without paying, just as she said she would if the driver didn’t reset the clock. Which he hadn’t. Waiting for the guy to protest, she reached the door to the shitty hotel where she kept a room and clomped her way through the reception and up the stairs. Her feet echoing all the way through the run-down building until she reached her door.

Josephine walked inside and hid the gold in her usual hiding spot behind the skirting board. She grabbed a towel, stepped out into the hall and locking the door, walked barefoot now to the communal bathroom that served that floor. As usual, there was someone in there. Kicking the door, she screamed through its cheap and dirty plywood structure, “Come on, for fuck’s sake?”

Then she waited almost thirty seconds and was about to kick it again when the door opened. An overweight man with a huge beer gut and long balding hair came out. Looking at her, he said,

“Hey, patience, okay?”

Josephine watched as he took another few steps away from her down the corridor. His flat feet leaving wet footprints on the worn-out varnished wooden floor. Then she called out, “Fuck off, you fucking loser!”

Then as Josephine watched the man waddle away with his towel drooping away from his fat ass, half covering his psoriasis-covered legs, she wondered if she’d ever sucked the guy off. Chances were high, she thought, as she had most of the guys who lived and died in the rooms around her.

Yeah, she had, she thought as the guy opened the door to a room further along the corridor and immediately blasted Motörhead down the corridor even though it was only 6:30 am.

Stepping inside the bathroom, Josephine looked around the side of the toilet for any soap that had slipped down there and been long forgotten. Finding one, all hard and cracked in amongst the yellow pissy grime. She stripped off her new red dress, which was darker now on the shoulder straps close to her neck, and let it fall to the floor.

The shower felt good, even if the bathroom did smell as though the guy before her had just taken a dump. The hot water raining upon her head, trailing off down her skinny body. Some loser’s lost soap washing away the blood and spit from her hair and her neck and shoulders.

She took the soap again and began to wash her body, feeling the hardness of the old soap’s cracks scrub her skin. She reached down to her crotch and wiped it with the soap and felt a tingle she hadn’t felt also in a long, long time.

Wow, she thought, what was it with this idiot and his dramatics that made me feel alive again? Could it really be the way he pretended to drink my blood? She liked the feeling and lightheadedness when he bit down into her neck. But the line of coke she’d snort on straight after had washed that out along with the nausea she’d felt when he’d held her head back and dribbled saliva and blood into her open mouth, the same as he had with that shithead who drove the taxi.

Now, though, it was time to crash, if she could, before she went out and cashed those coins in. Then, she’d definitely have another spend-up.

Josephine threw her teeth on the bed and lay down and when she awoke, they were on the floor. She could still hear Lemmy playing along the corridor, so she had either not been asleep long, or she’d been out all day because she knew the guy worked. Josephine got up, accidentally treading on her teeth. Picking them up, she walked to the small room sink and took a piss in it. Running her teeth quickly under the tap as she did, she tried to put them in. But something didn’t feel right.

Fuck, I’ve broken them!Josephine thought as she hopped back down and felt her bare feet on the dirty, broken linoleum. Taking her teeth back out, she looked at them - they seemed okay. Trying again, she popped them back in and chomped down, trying to force them against her gums, but they weren’t fitting. Turning back to the one small part of the mirror that was still there, she looked inside her mouth, poking her finger around as she did.

Oh my god! she thought. She had teeth coming through like a little kid! Shocked, she stepped back and looked to the broken mirror at her face. Not only that, her skin looked good. Where were the premature wrinkles and the darkness around her eyes? Then she noticed her hair was different.

Josephine stepped back away from the mirror and tried to see herself in full view. Her hair was definitely black now and longer. She’d put on weight and had curves also, and her skin was now tight.

Fuck me, she thought. It must have been the amount of drugs she’d done the night before with that weirdo. On that note, she picked up her red dress back off the floor and put it back on. Whereas before, it was slightly loose, strangely now it fitted tight. She slung on her heels. Grabbing the coins from her hiding spot, Josephine threw them into her bag and was out the door.

She walked back down the corridor, passing the door with Motörhead blasting out of it. Josephine stopped, and with the full force of the base of her shoe, she kicked it as she screamed out, “Turn that shit off, you fucking loser!”

Still not knowing what time it was, she reached the foyer, clomped her way through it, and stepped outside. Seeing a cab sitting there at the side of the road, she walked over and got in and as soon as her ass hit the seat, she realized it was the same guy from the night before. She looked to the meter that was still running and now read $832. Looking to the guy, she said, “I never told you to wait! ... I ain’t paying that, you fucking asshole!”

The taxi driver stared back. The man still sweating and in turmoil, his eyes frightened, but still asking her where she’d like to go. Sitting back and feeling the black vinyl seat cover on the back of her arms, Josephine told him.

First, she hit the gold shop and cashed in all the coins, making the guy behind the counter a happy man with his fat commission. Then she had the taxi driver take her back to the beauty salon where she got her hair done, a facial, then her nails sorted and left the girls there a decent tip. Then it was off to Holt Renfrew, where she didn’t come out until she’d dropped $15,000 on a pair of knee-high leather boots, perfectly fitting black leather trousers, a tight silk blouse showing off her now suddenly ample bosom, and a jacket to match. Next, she saw Max, her drug dealer, who met her outside in his big, black Range Rover and feeling so sexy, she decided to forgo the second facial he was offering and decided to let him fuck her from behind on the backseat for free. Well, almost for free.

Then she bought all the drugs the guy had, less the price of the back door slam and after a quick freshen-up back at the salon, she found herself penniless again and clomping down the hall towards her room, looking like a million dollars.

Passing the room still blasting Motörhead, she caught the guy just coming out in his grey track suit bottoms and grey X-Files sweat top he’d gotten for free when he’d worked on the TV show in town some 23 years ago, back when he’d been slim, and he’d managed to scam an XL which for the last ten years had fitted. Passing him, Josephine said,

“Turn that shit off, asshole!”

Ray Raye watched the hooker who lived along the corridor pass him, mouth him off, and wiggle herself all the way to her door. Fuck, she looked good. This morning she’d looked seventy, but now she didn’t look a day over her real age of 33, and what a figure the girl had.

Fuck! He didn’t remember her looking like that the night six months ago when he’d been stoned and drunk, and she’d talked him into letting her suck him off without her teeth for twenty dollars. And had it been worth it? Fuck yeah, it had. After though, he’d felt sick and never went back for round two. But now? Yeah, it would be worth it. One hundred percent it would, and he only had three beers in him.

He followed her along the corridor. Stopping her at her door as she was just opening it with her key, he said,

“Hey, Jo, how you been lately anyhow? We’ve not got to talk much these days?”

Josephine remembered the guy fully now. She had sucked him off. She’d sealed the deal one time because she’d let him rattle off about how he used to be a roadie for Lemmy in Motörhead. The guy catching her down at the laundry machine mid-afternoon one day when he’d been bombed out his head, and she hadn’t and needed to be. Hence the hustle. This guy still looking the same now as he did back then. The same grey sweats and the stupid X-Files crew top. The guy growing out what hair he had left and keeping it tight in a ponytail. The fat fucking pig not moving on, the way she had. She asked,

“What the fuck do you want?” As he leaned against the wall trying to look cool, like he had six months back in the laundry room when he didn’t seem to have to work it so hard, Ray Raye replied,

“Catching up, you know ... Hey, you look good!”

She did - she knew that. She’d seen herself enough in all the mirrors she’d found today to know. And with the way her dealer had hit on her when normally with all the high-end girls putting it his way, he wouldn’t give her a second look. But not today.

Chancing it, Ray Raye put it all out there and said, “Hey, you know, you know, like the last time we were down in the laundry room here and you know ... had a ... bit of fun.”

Josephine looked at him and wondered if the guy was ever going to get to the point. Then he just said it,

“Well, you know it was good, and I was just wondering if you’d like to do it again?”

“You want me to suck you off?”

“Yeah,” Ray Raye answered nervously.

Josephine stared into the guy’s eyes, then she looked past him, down the corridor to the sound of Motörhead blaring out of his room. He had some nerve, this fat prick. But things were looking up for her these days, that was for certain. Normally, it would be her instigating the business as she stood there. Or when she walked the roads around the backend of the police station near Main Street, saying out loud things like,

“What have I got to do to give a guy a blowjob these days?”

Shit like that to get a guy’s attention. But today, the guys were all over her, and it made a change. Even this fat sweaty fuck had the nerve. Then she heard him say as he pulled the twenty out of his sweatpants pocket, which he was about to use to go buy a six-pack of Lucky from the liquor store,

“If you want to do it again, I’ll give you this.”

The cheeky fucker, Josephine thought as she stood there outside her room, looking and feeling like a million dollars. This was bullshit. It was a fucking insult. So she said straight back,

“I’m not doing a thing for less than forty.”

And without waiting for an answer, Josephine closed her door and started walking her sexy legs and ass back up the corridor towards Ray Raye’s room. Ray following, feeling himself getting hard as he watched the woman walk in her big black boots and tight leather pants. Fuck yeah, he thought, I’m going to give it. Give it to her hard. Just the way he used to do before when he was younger. When he was on the road with Lemmy and the boys, when there were all those headbanging groupies hanging around ... back then.

They reached Ray’s room, and with a guilty look along the corridor, he opened the door and let Josephine in. The blast of Motörhead louder now as they stepped inside. Josephine smelling the cigarettes and beer and body odor from the man more now than before in the corridor. Lemmy screaming in her ears from Ray Raye’s homemade state-of-the-art portable boom box with sub-woofers. In a practiced move, Josephine stopped by the door of the small room, she dropped down into a crouch so as not to ruin her new leather trousers. Sitting her ass on the heels of her new leather boots and waited for Ray Raye to give her the $40. Then saw the man’s shit-eating grin as he dropped his grey sweatpants and got his already engorged dick out.

Josephine looked at the man’s cock, standing proud and to attention below his fat gut. It was pretty big; she didn’t remember that from before. She could smell the thing also and the sweat from around his balls more than she usually could. Then, as she watched him stroke it and move towards her, so as he could position his fat gut above her head, she saw the big blue vein that ran along the side of his penis. Reaching out, she took ahold of his manhood. Feeling the artery engorged and full of blood pump in her hands, then she felt something else inside her. A feeling of lust building, something primeval taking over, she wanted him. She needed him in her mouth and as the fangs grew, Josephine parted her beautiful red lips and exposed them as her eyes turned black, and she snarled.

Her head and mouth snapped down hard onto the vein on the side of the man’s penis. Her fangs ripping through the flesh on his dick as her teeth dug in deep. And there Josephine held him by the door, hidden under his fat gut while she drank with an incredible thirst the blood from his body until he had no more blood to give.


