


CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Igor wasn’t having as good a day as Josephine. Truth be told, he was having a worse day than yesterday. It was not that the Lupei boys had found him again. Far from it. It was because it had taken him an age to get rid of the coked-out hooker and then, after that, even longer to get the Coont down into his coffin. The vampire so high off the cocaine in Josephine’s blood that he thought he was invincible and wanted to take on the sun. The Coont standing on the deck’s balcony railing - the same railing Igor had built to rest a beer on as he watched the sun go down. Back then, when he was relaxed and still enjoying the fact that he wouldn’t have to deal with the Coont as soon as it had.

The vampire up there, standing on the ledge Igor had designed. The Coont Draculi in his wellies, damaging the wood with his weight, screaming and snarling at the clouds as the sunlight grazed beneath them.

Igor thinking this would be the last time he’d bother to plead with the Coont to go and sleep as they were both about to die regardless.

But no, after the snarling and screaming at the sky, something eternal within the Coont had switched on as the light in the sky began to rise and panic set in. Leaving Igor behind and running for the safety of darkness with his cloak flowing behind. The Coont found his own way down into to the security of the cellar and along the dark passageway to the chamber at its end. Where the Coont had relaxed and settled down into his slightly singed ironwood coffin, lined with silk and sprinkled with a fresh layer of gold coins, courtesy of his slave. The vampire snatching out again, catching Igor by surprise after Igor had arrived in the dimly lit chamber. Igor saying “yes, yes!” in his mind moments before, delighted to see his master asleep in his coffin so as he could get the lid back on and screwed down tight. The Coont grabbing his wrist vice-like once more as the lid almost closed and was again yet to let go as his grip held fast.

So now Igor just sat there, steaming with anger with his ass on the cold, windowless cellar floor of his mansion. The rotting smell of the Lupei boy’s body still wrapped up in the carpet at the bottom of the stairs stuck in his nostrils. The man wondering how long now he’d have to wait there now as after closing his eyes for a bit, he’d lost track of time.

Full to the brim with frustration, he looked about the perfectly dark and gloomy cellar. A cellar he’d built to hold the Coont in. The perfect place for a creature of the night to shore up in and hide from the light and exactly where he should have placed him instead of being cocky and sticking the idiot in a condo.

Igor the great, all messed up. Tired, hungry, and very annoyed. Now stuck down in the cellar, worrying about the state his home had been left in since the Coont’s latest reign of terror had started.

There was still food all over the carpet upstairs. The kitchen was a wreck with its side door now in pieces. There was blood from that foul coked-out drug-dealing hooker all over his sofa. More, no doubt elsewhere, which he had still yet to see. Not only that, but the woman could be changing soon! Even though the Coont had not drained her of blood and killed her, Igor had seen him dribbling saliva and blood into her mouth, which was even worse.

What a goddamn disaster, he thought. All this and the Coont had only been out for two days! There was also his solo concert with his violin at the school he had coming up, which he needed to get on with practicing for. But here he was stuck again with his arm inside a coffin held down by this relic of the past with his leathery hand - this time with zero under-floor heating.

************

Sorin and Cristi sat outside the mansion in their rental car, each with their small share of the gold coins in their laps. How many other family members over the centuries had been sent out on a crusade to kill the Coont, only to sell their soul to the devil after being bought out by the man with scars? Some had, that was for sure. A few of the Lupei family offshoots possessed money and the houses, while many others worked the fields. The homes they’d managed to keep even during the communist days had never made sense to Sorin’s forefathers.

But it was beginning to make sense now that both boys had enough gold coins sitting in their laps to go home and buy themselves a house or a farm each. But where was the fun in that? What the boys both knew now, was the fact that, apart from losing the first battle, sadly, it seemed along with Philippe, who’d decided to go it alone the way he had, they had had a second battle and won. Well, kind of.

They looked up at the mansion, almost like a castle itself, with its fantastic view across the bay. All it needed was a moat and a drawbridge and some high-peaked turrets, and it would be done. They’d found the place easily after following the man with the scars as he’d left the apartment complex loading area in his gold Tesla with the Coont’s coffin strapped to the roof.

It was almost 2 pm, and the sun was shining bright. The treetops of the pines glistened. Putting their stash of gold coins in their pockets, they grabbed their backpacks along with their stakes cut from dowels.

They headed up the hill from where the car was parked. Then, they moved into the thickness of the trees for a while until they hit the wall. It had to be 18 feet high, made of Portland cement and ornate thick stones.

Using branches brought down by a storm, they scaled the walls, jumped down, and headed through the forest on the other side until they reached the gardens. Keeping low, they skirted its perimeter until they were square on the west side of the house. Then in a clearing, they crouched down. The place looked deserted, not a soul wandering around. No gardeners tending the lawn, no maids or staff usually in abundance in such a grandiose home.

Sorin asked without turning his head to look at Cristi, “Should we take a look from the other side?”

“It’ll be dark by the time we get over there,” Cristi answered as he stood and played with his hair. The kid wanting to run a comb across his head after tumbling from the jump but thinking better of it.

He wasn’t half wrong, Sorin thought. It had taken what felt like an age just to get where they were now as they’d waded through the unkempt brush below the trees.

They moved off, hunched over, across the open garden doing their best to keep to the sides of the big bushes and rose beds just beginning their first bloom. They reached the side of the mansion, stopped, and listened to the silence as the wind coming off the mountains played with the trees. Then they saw what was left of the kitchen door all over the path that led around the back of the mansion towards the patio.

Reaching the door, they waited, then looked inside to see the mess the Coont had left the night before as he’d ripped through in a drugged out state. Careful not to make a noise as they stood upon the broken glass, they slowly crept inside.

They carried on quietly through the wrecked kitchen. The hearts of the two cousins, who didn’t really get along, pounding faster with each of their footsteps, seemingly landing louder as they made their way into the silence of the mansion. Cristi looking to add to his collection of gold coins just as much as he looked and listened for the man with scars.

They reached the corridor and took the door which led out to the grandiose living room. Both boys happy to leave the wooden floor as they stepped onto the carpet. Stopping, they looked to the food on the floor, then to the buffet table, and trays. Josephine’s blood now dried and brown on the sofa. Moving close to his cousin, Sorin whispered,

“I think there’s been a fight and a chase.”

Cristi not really knowing either way but nodding anyway. As he looked to Igor’s violin resting on its stand and caught a glimpse of his own reflection in a cabinet, he said, “I don’t think anyone’s home.”

Sorin was thinking the same but was too frightened to take the chance of becoming noisy. His spider senses nonetheless on full alert. He didn’t feel the same instinctual fear here that he’d felt the moment he’d set foot in the apartment the day before. There he’d felt the presence of evil when he’d been mere feet from the vampire.

The same evil his grandfather and the older family members had told him about as they’d sat him and Philippe down before they’d made the trip. The boys’ grandfathers whispering as they’d sat around the log fire,

“You’ll know the moment you are close. You’ll need to be brave. You will feel the evil long before you see him, but only venture in the daylight hours when he will be sleeping.”

Philippe, though, it seemed, had not listened.

Sorin turned to Cristi and whispered, “I don’t feel it.”

But the moment Cristi had looked away from his own reflection and moved towards the opening leading to the foyer, he had. And as small as the instinctive feeling was, Cristi knew the Coont was somewhere within the same walls.

He shook his head and whispered as his eyes looked past the stairs along the foyer,

“No, he’s here - I know it. Same as yesterday, I can feel it.”

Sorin felt his stomach turn again as they stepped over the food on the floor and moved through the living room. Creeping out onto the marbled floor of the foyer, they looked at the marvel of Napoleon’s twin chandeliers flanking the wooden staircase and the paintings by Gauguin, Cézanne, and Monet, which lined the walls.

Then as Sorin looked further along the marbled foyer towards the foyer’s end, he also felt the undeniable truth that the Coont was there with them somewhere in the house. With his hair standing up on his arms and neck, he looked up into the corners of the high-ceilinged foyer for vampires, despite it being daylight.

“Beware, for if he is active, he will spawn others, and these disciples will be drawn to him,”

Sorin’s grandfather had told him and Philippe. “They will hide up in amongst crevices and corners of the ceiling. They will be deceptive and without fear as they stay close to their master.”

They stopped at the bottom of the staircase and looked up at its hardwood steps. Sorin stepped towards them and, raising his foot, placed his weight gently on the side of the staircase. It creaked - the steps were old. You could send a fairy up them, and they’d make noise. He shook his head and moved along through the foyer, passing the huge front door.

They reached the foyer’s end and listened to the mansions silence. There, they found the door that led to the cellar. Slowly they opened it, surprisingly, without making a sound and the moment they did they felt the existence of the evil that lay within and caught the rotting stench of their cousin, Philippe, as he lay below.

Holding a hand in front of their noses, they both pulled a stake from their backpack as they looked down the corridor away from the putrid air. Each taking a deep breath before they stepped onto the stone staircase that led down into the basement.

They held the wall to the side, moving down one step at a time as they descended deep under the mansion. The daylight flooding in from the open door at the top lighting their way for the moment and keeping them safe.

Reaching the bottom, they stopped on the last step and looked around. Pulling a small flashlight from his pocket, Sorin switched it on. Digging the beam into the corners of the large cellar where the daylight from above could not reach, he looked around. The ceiling higher than they’d both expected. There wasn’t much down there— just the odd piece of furniture, a rolled-up carpet left to one side, and some large iron clamps laying on the floor in a pile by the wall. Two passageways on either side led further under the mansion. One completely black; the other projecting the orange glow of a candle that was soon to run its course as it graced the passageway’s walls in the distance.

They stepped further out using the carpet roll as a stepping-stone. As their weight hit home, they felt the inside squish. Sorin and Cristi looked at the carpet. Something was odd about its shape. The center where they’d just stood was larger than the outer edges. Cristi looked at Sorin. Both standing in the daylight from above with their hand and T-shirts covering their noses. Dropping his T-shirt down, Cristi mouthed to his cousin,

“Gold coins?”

Giving his cousin, whom he barely knew, a strange look, Sorin shook his head. Why would there be coins hidden in the carpet? he thought. Cristi nodded to him, his eyes indicating that there was some in there. Stepping back, he looked at the way the carpet lay, and pushing it away from him with his foot, he slowly rolled the carpet out more and more.

Slowly the carpet laid itself out across the cellar’s stone floor as it got thinner, and the blood from their cousin became more and more exposed until he was all that was left at the end.

Cristi stood above him in shock as the true cause of the smell they had been dealing with became apparent. The light from the cellar door above catching Philippe as he lay there before them with his throat cut open and looking back at them with his dead eyes, almost as though he was pleading for help. The young boy’s body resting close to the three iron clamps he himself had removed which Igor had used to keep the Coont’s coffin sealed.

Almost instantly as Sorin turned his face away from the macabre spectacle, Cristi puked, and at exactly the same time as Cristi’s vomit hit the bloodied carpet next to his cousin, the Coont released his grip on Igor’s wrist.

************

Igor felt the leathery grip of the vampire’s hand release his wrist and looked along the passageway toward the entrance to the cellar where he’d seen the daylight from upstairs suddenly shine. Then there had been nothing until he’d heard the shuffled roll of the carpet and then the vomit splash as it hit the ground. He stood quietly and looked to the light in the far distance and then to the Coont’s coffin. It was almost closed now, the lid down lining up almost perfectly in the manner the carpenter had meant it to, except for the Coont’s fingers on his right hand which had just released Igor’s wrist and were now sticking out the side of the casket.

He almost had him back in. All he needed to do was get the clamps and then gently push the vampire’s fingers back inside the casket. The clamps to lock him down, though, were hidden alongside the carpet where he’d left them to avoid arousing the Coont’s suspicion.

Who was down there now? Vomiting his guts all over the floor. The Lupeis probably? If it was one of them, or both even, and they pulled a similar stunt to yesterday, then there’d be no sprinklers and a fire brigade to come to the rescue. It wasn’t good.

Slowly he walked towards the light that grew brighter. His bulking presence filling the tunnel as he closed the distance. The sweet putrid smell of death growing stronger with every step. He reached the entrance to the tunnel and looked at the body at the end of the open carpet, now unraveled on the floor. Then to the clamps and the puke a little off to the side. He stood silently, listening for movement upstairs first, then closer within the cellar itself.

Moving himself slowly on the carpet, Igor stood at the bottom of the stairs. His scarred face caught in the half-light from the open door above.

If whoever had been down there had gone upstairs, he should have caught the light change as he’d walked towards the cellar’s main area. He knew that. So, either he’d missed it and was alone, or someone was still down there, tucked away in a corner, or had disappeared into the other passageway tunnel on the other side.

Ignoring the smell, he looked about, then to the thick metal clamps now lying close to the dead Lupei kid.

He could chance it, he thought. Grab them and run down there quickly right now. Shove the Coont’s fingers back in, slam the lid down tight, wrap those clamps around the coffin and throw the bolts in. The ironwood was thick and strong, and the fire in the bathroom would have hardly touched its strength. Once that was done, all he’d need to do would be to hunt down those kids, then do the same with the hooker, except with her, he’d be putting a stake through her heart instead of sending her back to Romania. In under a minute, he could be back on track.

But the Coont had let go at exactly the same time he’d also heard the puke land. If he came back down there with the clamps and the Coont was out, or he woke whilst he was putting them on, then he’d smash his way out and kill him for certain.

Goddamn it, he thought as he looked back up the stairs.

And then he heard it, the sound of footsteps running from above.

Quickly Igor ran up the stone steps, into and through the foyer, through a side door, and into the kitchen with its broken door. Stopping when he reached the outside, he stood and looked down the garden. His eyes searching past the lawn to the sides of the bushes and hedges he’d tended and grown himself for so many years.

Then from within the forest to the side, he saw the movement of birds as wood pigeons and crows made their escape, bursting from the tree line. Whomever it was inside the cellar was now moving fast down the hill towards the stone wall. Those two kids, he thought, from yesterday with their dowel stakes and their makeshift spears and kitchen firebombs. Yes, go run, you two, run, for I will deal with you later.

But it wasn’t the two of them running terrified through the woods. It was just Sorin, as Cristi was still hidden away in the cellar, and not only that, he had found the chamber where the Coont’s slave kept his gold.

************

Cristi squeezed himself into the corner of the black room at the end of the second corridor in the hope that pushing himself harder into the stone would somehow allow the stone to absorb him completely, making him invisible. Where in reality, it was only the darkness of the room that allowed him this capability.

The musty cobwebbed chamber was full of old dark mahogany trunks decorated with tanned leather and strengthened with brass. Cristi unwittingly making his way to it as he’d heard the man with the scars move along the other passageway. Sorin being closest to the stairs hugging the shadow side as he raced up them like a rat out of a kitchen. Cristi having no place to go but deeper into the cellar, having lost the advantage Sorin had gained because of his own uncontrolled vomiting. Now though he could hear what could only be the man with the scars returning and by the sound of it, he was picking up something metal.

Cristi pulled himself out of the corner he’d prized himself into and moved slowly to the door as the sound of the man with the scars faded back down the other passageway.

Breathing the damp cold air deep into his lungs as he slipped out of the room, Cristi felt the cold stone with his hands as he hugged the wall of the passageway and made his way back down to the main cellar. The footsteps of the man with the scars slowly getting quieter as he headed back toward the faint candlelight.

He made it to the large cellar room and cupped his nose again from the smell of the dead cousin he hardly knew. The light from upstairs seemingly brighter now in the darkness as it washed across Philippe lying dead on the floor. The big iron clamps that had been lying next to his body now gone.

He walked further in as he heard the man with the scars’ footsteps stop. Then, the sound of a man hitting what could only be a wall and then the floor. Just as he was about to step over the body of his dead cousin, he heard the low, deep, blood-curdling voice of the Coont bellow out his name from the other end of the passageway,

“LUPEI!”

Cristi stopped in his tracks. The daylight calling him to make a run for it. But if he did, the Coont could be right there hiding in the darkness of the other passageway. Either the vampire or the man with the scars. But I had not heard anyone come back down, so how could there be? Cristi told himself as he stared across the cellar towards the dark passageway.

Slowly he moved across the blood-stained carpet towards the stairs. Moving closer, he reached the stair’s bottom as the light from upstairs blanketed his body. Then looking to his left as he began to creep away back up towards the light, he saw the Coont standing there in the darkness of the passageway. The vampire staring at him with his black, sunken eyes, emanating pure evil as he raised his hand, beckoning Cristi to him, saying,

“Cometh hither, Lupei. Cometh to thy Master.”

As his heart seemingly stopped and piss hit his pants, Cristi froze and stared at the monster his family had spoken of for so many centuries. The demon vampire, right there in front of him, trapped in the darkness, unable to move any closer into the daylight. Again, the Coont spoke slowly to him as Cristi stared in awe,

“Cometh ... Lupei.”

Faster than he’d ever run in his life, Cristi broke free from the vampire’s trance and was up the stairs and out the broken back door of the mansion and into the trees. The kid subconsciously wishing he could shed his backpack and jacket, hoping it would create speed. The boy from Romania sending the birds above him again into the canopy. He hit the high wall at the other end of the garden, scaled it with surprising ease and dropped down beside the wall on the other side, with his hands and face bleeding.

Sliding down the bank, he found the road and then the car. Reaching the back of the car, he stopped. Leaning over with his hands on his knees, Cristi caught his breath. Still jittery at the thought of being chased, he looked around. Then he heard Sorin say from deep within the trees,

“Yeah, that’s the way I felt when I got here as well - except I didn’t piss myself.”

Cristi looked to his crotch then up into the trees. The kid happy to hear the sound of a familiar voice. Then he saw Sorin sitting to the side on the back of his heels. Smiling, but still shaken, Cristi said,

“I saw it. I think I saw the chests where he keeps the gold!”

Sorin smiled, then laughed, then said straight back as he stood and began making his way back toward the car. “By the look of you, I thought you were going to say you saw the vampire?”

And Cristi replied,

“Yeah, I saw him as well; that’s why I pissed myself.”


