


CHAPTER FOURTEEN

Igor woke up and felt the dried blood from where the vampire had backhanded him in the face. He looked to the end of the passageway to see the daylight still dropping down from above. Standing, he looked about as he felt his nose. The Coont having surprised him as he’d hurried back towards the vampire’s coffin carrying the clamps. The vampire lashing out at his slave without speaking, hitting Igor against the wall.

He gazed about in the darkness and walked to the coffin, which was now empty. The clamps now scattered next to where he’d hit the floor. How long had he been out? he wondered. Then turning, he saw the demon. Up high against the dark chamber room’s ceiling, not sitting or lying but just there in a crevice that Igor had not seen before.

The Coont looking down at him, the vampire’s white face caught in the low light of the small burning candle. His black, beady eyes staring down, just watching.

How many years had it been since the vampire had last struck me? Igor thought as he walked away down the passageway towards the light coming down the stairs. Reaching the steps, he walked back up without looking back. He reached his big grandfather clock that sat by the door in the foyer, it was around four in the afternoon. He had a couple of hours before he was supposed to get the Coont up and out of his coffin if he’d stayed in it.

Where he’d do just that, only to be spoken to like dirt. But not today he wouldn’t. Not after that backhand. He could get himself up when the sun set, or get himself down from that crevice he must have clawed for himself into the basement ceiling.

He reached the big living room, and ignoring the food all over the floor, he let himself out onto the big deck that looked out across the bay and the garden.

Where down there had those kids scaled the wall? he wondered.

He looked to the deck’s railing with its top that now needed fixing. It certainly had once been a great place to lean against and have a bite to eat and a beer as he watched the sun drop from the sky, knowing he could rest. But those days were now, for the moment, certainly gone. He took a deep breath and wondered when he’d last eaten.

Igor hit the kitchen, and shook his head as soon as he saw the mess and the broken door. Picking up what wasn’t broken, he made it to the fridge, opened the door, pulled out some cheese and some ham, and found some bread that was still okay. Pouring himself some milk, he quickly made a sandwich.

************

When he woke up, he could feel the stab wound in his chest aching from the way he’d been lying against the granite kitchen top while sitting on the kitchen chair. It was dark outside, and he’d missed the setting of the sun. He looked up to see a man standing there in the darkness, looking at him through the window. His face pale, and his balding hair pulled back in a bun at the rear. The guy looking half-dead in his grey tracksuit pulled tight over his fat gut.

Oh God, here we go again, here they come, Igor thought as he took a bite out of the rest of his half-eaten sandwich, which still tasted good. It wasn’t normal for the Coont to have sucked the lifeblood out of a man, but it did happen, and when it did, they always turned, came back to life, and somehow found him.

Igor walked through his mansion to its other side and wondered if the fat guy with the ponytail would follow him. He reached the large living room, stopped at the buffet table, and picked it back up. Reminding himself that he’d need to call the restaurant to come and get it the next day. He’d have to call a carpet cleaning company also, and a carpenter as well, for that matter. Then he heard the doorbell ring.

He opened the front door to see Josephine standing there in the darkness in all her glory and a taxi sitting in the drive with its lights off. What in God’s name was this piece of trash doing here? Igor thought and was about to ask just that when with the subtlety of a Hollywood diva entering a restaurant on Sunset Boulevard, Josephine was in the door. The woman in her big boots pushing past Igor as though he wasn’t there and entering his mansion as if it were her own.

It was dark. The Coont should have been up by now and driving him crazy with his demands, but he wasn’t. If he was lucky, he could get rid of this hooker before the Coont even knew she’d been there. Then as if he’d been reading Igor’s thoughts, he heard the vampire’s voice call out,

“Slave, prepareth thou for thine queen.”

Igor turned around and looked up. Once again, he saw the vampire holed up in a crevice he’d dug for himself, this time in the ceiling of the foyer. Looking down, Igor noticed the mess he’d made upon the marble in doing so. He answered,

“Thine queen of past years be gone, Master.”

And gone she had many centuries before. By the hand of Igor himself as he’d dragged her screaming into the sun before chasing down and cutting off the heads of her ladies in waiting.

“Silent be thou,” called out the Coont as he dropped to the floor and landed with his wellies in the middle of the scratched-out ceiling plaster now all over the marble. Gesturing towards Josephine, the Coont said,

“Bow before thy queen, slave.”

Igor stared at the drugged-out hooker he’d pulled from an alley as she stood before him. Josephine holding herself as though she was indeed the queen, and this was her palace. She certainly appeared different. The woman filling out. That drawn-out scrawny look she’d worn when they’d first met, now long gone. Then he heard the Coont tell him again,

“Slave, bow before thy queen!”

And at his Master’s command, Igor slowly knelt before the woman. Josephine standing there in her leather boots and trousers, baring her teeth, showing off her fangs as they sprang out in front of her deep red lips. Her hair, now long and black gracing the sides of her bosom. Holding out her hand for him to kiss, she said,

“Yeah, bow the fuck before me - slave.”

Could it be worse? Igor thought. The words blowjob queen drifting through his mind as he knelt before this woman. This same woman who’d just gone and simply picked up a pair of leather trousers and boots at the store was now being declared a vampire queen by the one person in this world who could end his life on a whim. He heard the Coont call out, “Slave! Bringeth I a virgin maiden to thine castle!”

Igor stood and looked about as Josephine strutted through to the large living room, picking up the carpet with her new heels. Gesturing to Igor as she passed the food still all over the floor, she demanded,

“Clean this shit up!”

Ignoring her, Igor looked over to the Coont, wondering what in God’s name had gotten into him. This woman was not worthy of the title queen in his home or anyone’s, except perhaps her own. Where were the standards the Coont had once had? When the queen of his choosing had charm and class and education? They’d had elegance and beauty and deserved the title bestowed upon them. How many times had he bathed in the beauty they beheld? Even if he had killed them in the end.

Then he saw Ray Raye standing outside again, having moved around from the kitchen and heard Queen Josephine shout at him through the window, “Stop following me, you stupid cunt!”

Igor closed his eyes and wished he could do the same with his ears. He opened his eyes again and looked to his violin sitting alone in the middle of his living room that now resembled a train wreck. The man with scars wondering yet again how many nights had it been since he had sat here alone and played? Three at the most, but now it seemed like a lifetime. All because of those damn Lupei kids.

“Slave, bringeth virgin maidens to thy castle.”

Then just as he was about to suggest they dine out, Igor realized the Coont was not talking to him at all as he heard the Coont call out again in Arabic to the taxi driver who had been waiting outside.

************

The taxi’s meter had just cruised past $2,144 as the taxi driver watched the big gate of the castle on the hill close behind him in his rear-view mirror. The man not having been home now for two nights. He was beginning to smell as bad as the underside of his backseat. A backseat which in its day had been covered in puke, spit, blood, and sperm in various amounts since the Prius had been rolled out of the showroom some eight years before. The taxicab since having had as many drivers’ hands holding the wheel as Queen Josephine had had men holding her ears over a long weekend.

Now though, Hamza Yassine Brahim leased the car and was at the wheel. Hamza, a devout Muslim husband and father, newly arrived in the country with his wife and children in tow. The quiet and gentle man ready to start a new life in Vancouver after living the first third of his life in the city of Sallee in Morocco.

The man on his knees five times a day praying to Allah for a better life and saving all he could in the meantime just in case his God didn’t come through. The man hellbent, having reached the promised land, on making it work either way for his wife and kids now that they’d arrived. Working double shifts for a month with his new Canadian permanent residency card sitting proudly in his back pocket. Unlucky enough now though to find himself cursed and the newly appointed slave to the Coont Draculi after picking up a bad fare and being bitten and then forced to drink the blood and saliva of a vampire.

Hamza somehow knowing exactly where to go as he found his ladies waiting at the bottom of Blood Alley, which emptied out just across the road from the war memorial on Oppenheimer Park. Three virgin maidens in short skirts and high heels disguised as skank crackhead hookers. Candy, the tall skinny one with the blond hair holding out her phone as though she’d just spoken to someone, saying with her rotted out teeth as Hamza pulled up by the curb,

“You the one taking us to West Van?” Simone and Dell both smoking as they waited by her side.

Candy sat in the front with her silver skirt, almost showing she was without knickers. The nipples on her goat-like breasts peeking through as they squashed against the safety belt. Hamza’s sincere Islamic faith, locked within his soul, trying desperately to break through the trance the Coont had put him in as he drove back through town. The meter still whirring onwards as he headed towards the mansion. The Moroccan man hearing Candy say, “We ain’t paying that,” as she watched the meter roll. Hamza not caring as he smelt the women’s cheap perfume and the sweetness of the crack they’d been poisoning themselves with throughout the day.

He reached the gates to the mansion that swung open as he pulled through and drove up the graveled drive. Pulling up behind a black Range Rover, the women got out. Each one instinctively preening as they looked up upon the mansion’s walls and large main door as it opened and the man with the scars came out.

Igor watched them pass as they walked up the steps to the doorway and entered his home without speaking. The women’s dirty, scuffed-up high heels clinking on the marble tiles as they wandered through without even a look at the beauty of the paintings or chandeliers.

Max, the drug dealer, was standing in the living room. The guy not wanting to sit on the crème leather sofa for fear of getting the dried blood on his clothes and wondering how long Josephine was going to keep him for and when the gold coins she’d spoken of were going to materialize.

He said to the weirdo dressed up as Dracula, “Hey, I need to get going.” And then looked across to Ray Raye, who was standing by the music center, looking gormless in his track pants.

Turning and twisting her frame to Igor as he entered the room, Josephine quickly said, “Slave, give me my gold now.”

Your gold? Igor thought as he walked through the room. Grabbing his violin and bow, he reached into his pocket and threw a handful of coins he’d taken from the Coont’s casket into the crusted food on the floor in front of Josephine’s feet in protest. Then carried on passing Josephine without looking at her. He reached the other women and then respectfully handed each of the three women a coin each. Leaving, Igor called out to the Coont’s new queen,

“Watch out, there’s garlic down there!”

He took the corridor which led to the kitchen that no longer had a rear door. Then the back staircase, leading to his bedroom. Reaching it, he sat on a leather stool that he’d bought long before this latest queen had been born and then later decided to ruin her life through drugs.

Taking a deep breath, Igor placed his violin to his neck and began to play. The violin’s strings soothing his soul as they called out to him. How many days did he have now before the mini-concert he’d agreed to play for anyone interested? How many hundreds of years had he practiced with this instrument before he knew he was truly ready? Some would say it was the instrument, but it wasn’t. Having what had to be the oldest and most expensive violin in the world helped indeed. But he also knew there was no one out there these days who could play the way he did.

He looked at the calendar on the wall that he’d checked off week by week, day by day for the last six months. Practicing every piece, recording every note to compare his skill to that of the masters living now or from before. There was Perlman and Millstein and others who were close. But, as skilled as they were, they were also hindered by mortality. None had the advantage of the years it had taken Igor to master the craft.

He had two more days before he’d show the world what he was made of. In maybe less than that, he also knew he would soon have to cull this horde of vampires that was already beginning to grow.

************

The Coont was confused. For the first time in this world, he felt the presence of an evil that was perhaps stronger than his own. This mortal who’d arrived in his black chariot. Now standing there with his bag, showing no fear of the Coont. The man posturing and making demands in the Coont’s new castle in a ‘franc’-like language he did not quite understand.

Igor also would need to be disciplined again. The slave showing disrespect to his new vampire queen. It was all certainly strange here, wherever here was. It was the future, that was certain. He’d been locked up for so long though, he’d lost track of time. So, it was possibly longer than he realized. And they definitely weren’t in Romania anymore. He’d understand more of the language if they were.

The mortal with the black chariot, though, was the issue at the moment. He also carried a weapon of some kind under his long cloak. Igor should have sensed this and not disappeared. Nonetheless, even though his slave had deserted him, he was in his own castle, and it was time to take control. Stepping forward in his cloak and wellies and holding his hand out in front of his chest and pointing for emphasis, the Coont said,

“A soul within of evil thou doeth possess!”

Then followed it up with, “I, though, beholdeth evil greater than thou.”

This was a strange one, thought Max, the drug dealer, who liked to keep mobile. This hooker who used her mouth to earn her living now looking fine. But why did she hang with these rich assholes who were throwing chocolate money on the floor and disrespecting him after he’d driven all the way out here from downtown?

Looking straight to the strange guy in wellington boots dressed as a vampire, he simply said,

“Listen - Don’t waste my time, baby.”

Then, as quickly as the idiot in the wellies had disappeared, the man was suddenly behind him. The drug dealer spun, thinking for a moment that perhaps he should not have used the product he was selling on the way over. He definitely was seeing things. Then as the Coont disappeared again for a moment, he realized it was the man who’d moved unnaturally fast and not his mind. It was definitely time to get the fuck out of there. Seeing the door that opened out onto the large deck, he headed towards it. Then as if by magic, the strange man with the wellington boots was there also. The drug dealer looked to the crack whores, standing looking wasted with their high heels dug into the dried food on the carpet. He then looked to Josephine, whom he’d fucked doggie style in his Range Rover earlier in the day.

Had they not seen this? Looking back to the Coont, Max said, “Fuck man, what’re you on?”

And as he did, the Coont disappeared again at just the same time as he felt the vampire’s teeth sink into the side of his neck.

The Coont held him there as the drug dealer’s legs buckled for a moment before the Coont let go of him altogether so as he could fall to the floor. The Coont truly sensing the man’s evil as his blood touched his mouth. Turning his red eyes to Josephine, he said as he spat the drug dealer’s blood down onto the white carpet,

“I shalt not pollute my body with blood thus foul.”

With only a few fingers on his right hand, he lifted Max and held him there two feet off the ground. And then, with the faintest movement of his arm, threw him with incredible force through the plasterwork of the wall, scattering incredible works of art by French masters in the process.

Without further notice, the Coont carried on. Turning slowly to Josephine and the crack whores she’d arranged for him, he said in his best English which he’d picked up the previous night on Granville Street,

“Let’s get the party started, baby!”

************

Whatever that was, it was big, Igor thought as he stopped playing and lowered the violin from his chin after hearing the drug dealer go straight through the wall downstairs. Closing his eyes, he counted to ten. Then, lifting the violin back up again, he resumed playing, and was just getting going again when he heard the shrieking and laughter of one of the whores below, followed by a drug-induced roar from the Coont. It was going to be a long night.

But in the morning, he’d already decided he was going to escape just before dawn. Then the Coont could find his own way to bed, along with his new demonic bride and whoever else they had sucked dry of blood and converted.

As the night came to its end and the sun began its rise, Igor left the mansion. The man with scars ignoring the Coont’s summoning calls and getting into his car and driving away to a place he knew the Coont could never make it safely back from in the cover of darkness should he try to sniff him out and come looking.

The sun rose, and with its soft golden rays blinding his eyes, Igor drove back to the mansion. The gates were open as he arrived. He pulled through and, ignoring the garage, parked again out front behind the taxi sitting outside with its meter running. Hamza Yassine Brahim, the Moroccan taxi driver who wanted a new start in life, still sweating and looking straight forward. The man seemingly trapped within a torturous trance, rocking his head slowly as he looked to the floor and then to the sky through his glass sunroof as he recited the Koran under his breath.

Moving up the steps, Igor pulled out his key and opened the big wooden front door to his mansion. There was blood on the marble tiles in the foyer, and from the front door, he could now see a hole in the living room wall. The room now an even bigger mess than it had been the previous evening. The gold coins he’d thrown into the caked-in food on the carpet were gone, as was the drug dealer. Noticing the paintings still on the floor next to the hole in the wall, he walked over, picked them up and put them on the dresser. The three hookers lay upon the carpet with blood running from their necks from bite marks and noses from the coke.

Walking over, Igor looked to see if they were still alive. Doing his best to keep away from any blood, he knelt down and felt one of the crack whore’s pulse. She was still with this world, but like the other two, she was looking pale. Standing back up, he called out to them all,

“Hey, wake up, time to go home, ladies.”

Nothing ...

He tried again, this time reaching down to shake each one’s bare leg.

“Ladies, wakey, wakey, girls.”

Slowly they stirred and came around, gradually getting to their feet as they unconsciously felt the blood on their noses before rubbing it into their hair. Watching them, Igor shook his head. It was a sorry sight. The slave feeling sad as he wondered how much lower these poor girls could sink. Then out of nowhere, he suddenly heard himself say,

“Girls, if I pay now for you all to get help, would you like some?”

Candy looked to him, her eyes a watery mess, her mascara now having run down one side of her cheek. She said, “You worry about the carpet and that hole in your wall, honey. We’re good.”

But they were far from good, and deep down they all knew that. As Igor watched them gather themselves up, he began to head to the door, and said,

“Then you need to leave and know that if you come back here again, these people will kill you.”

Taking Igor by surprise, Simone quickly said, “Fuck that! Jo owns this place, not you, she told us we could stay. You’re the butler. So show us our fucking rooms.”

************

Igor walked away, headed up to his bedroom, closed the door, and sat down on his large, four-poster bed.

Oh my God, how could it all have gone so wrong? he thought, as he wondered if the three women would be calling the police after he’d thrown them out the door. He opened his computer and looked at his calendar.

He had two days to go before his performance at the school. He checked his emails. Everyone was coming, it seemed, except one invitee from a radio station in Seattle who was asking if his cousin could take his place. It wasn’t him they wanted to see - he knew that. It was the Stradivarius they wanted to hear. When they heard it being played, though, they would not only hear the violin’s wonderful, unique sound. They would also know it was being played by one of the greatest violinists in history.

Two days, just two days, that’s all he had to put up with these idiots for the sake of his fingers. Then after that, he could afford to get truly physical.

He took a deep breath, picked up his violin, and in the practiced art of a virtuoso, drew it to his chin. The familiar sound of the horsehair bow upon the strings. Closing his eyes, he pressed his chord fingers down as he stroked the bow, feeling it float across the top of the violin as the pleasing notes drifted out from the inside of the ancient, handmade instrument.

Yes, this was it; this was what I’d missed, Igor thought as he listened to himself play in the silence of his room. He breathed deep, relaxing, the music soft and comforting, soothing him as it bounced off the walls. The ancient violin enveloping his entire being.

Then from outside, he suddenly heard Motörhead blaring out. Shaking the foundations as it ripped full blast from down below.

Putting his violin down, Igor walked to the window feeling the floor shake as he went. He looked out. Below, Ray Raye stood in his grey tracksuit playing air guitar to Ace of Spades on the patio facing away from the mansion towards the garden.

“Who in God’s name is this guy?” Igor asked himself out loud as he put down his violin, turned, and headed for his bedroom door.

He reached the top of the small staircase at the back of the house and headed down. The music easily twice as loud now as it had been in the bedroom. He hit the bottom of the stairs and took the direction of the kitchen towards the back door that was no longer there. Then went outside, walking quickly around the back of the house. Lemmy’s heavy metal music smashing Igor’s eardrums as it played full blast from Ray Raye’s homemade mega boom box, now linked remotely to Igor’s house music system.

He reached the garden just in time for Ray Raye’s guitar solo. Just in time for Ray Raye to reopen his eyes and bring his head down from the sky, and see the big guy with scars coming at him from across the garden.

Quickly Ray Raye took off his imaginary guitar and, picking up his homemade boom box, ran deeper into the garden. Ripping his track suit bottoms and white trainers in the rose beds as he ran. Stopping in the centre of the rose bed, Ray Raye turned, shouting,

“Get away from me, you fucking freak!”

His voice barely drowning out the blaring heavy metal music as he did.

Then, as it became more and more apparent that this man with scars all across his face was going nowhere except forward and towards him, Ray Raye who had once drunk Jack with Lemmy from Motorhead, turned and with his boom box held high above his head, he began to run. Treading down the rose bushes Igor had spent over a century cultivating.

With Lemmy still screaming out The Ace of Spades on loop from the boom box and the mansion and Igor in pursuit, Ray Raye ran with his fat gut wobbling until he hit the trees. Disappearing into the thicket of the forest which enveloped him first and Igor second. Smothering their existence in a manner which only the loud jarring music itself would let the world know that they were there at all.

But as Raye Ray and Igor entered the forest on one side of the garden, Cristi had exited on the other and Igor was about to find out that Ray Raye and his obsession with Motörhead and a few broken rose bushes were the least of his problems.


