


CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Cristi moved quickly across the garden and entered the house that was now familiar to him. He passed through the kitchen, cut through the small door that led to the foyer, and reached the door that led to the basement. The door was closed, but the light from the windows was strong enough that once he opened it, the cellar below would be bathed in daylight the same as it had been the previous day.

Sorin was still in the car. In his eyes, he could not see the point in chancing ending up the same way as their cousin. If they were to get the gold, then why not just get it once they had a decent plan which would work and the Coont and the guy with the scars were dead. Going for the gold first was not worth the risk and not the reason they had come.

All the more for me, Cristi thought as he’d left the vehicle, already spending the money the gold would bring in his head as he climbed the wall on the south side of the mansion’s estate gardens.

Now he had to get into the cellar and that chamber room where he’d hidden the day before. If those wooden chests were as full of gold as he believed they were, he’d fill the rucksack on his back with as much as he could carry. Then, he’d get out again before the guy with the scars came back, or the Coont woke and managed to trap him somehow. It was a risky procedure, made only too clear by the fact that their cousin was lying dead at the bottom of the cellar staircase.

He opened the basement door slowly, and the smell that hit him confirmed that to still be the case. He knew roughly where the Coont slept during the day and the whereabouts for the moment of his slave keeper. This time, he had two large handheld mirrors and some smaller ones that he had clipped to himself in case he dropped the bigger ones and still needed to repel the demon should he be waiting in the shadows as he was yesterday.

Slowly he crept back down the staircase, his heart again pounding stronger with every step. The air felt cooler on his skin; the hair on the back of his neck standing on end. The stench of his dead cousin lying at the bottom of the steps now covered in flies was twice as foul.

With his hand covering his mouth and nose, he looked down the passageway to where the vampire had stood only the day before. He then looked back to his dead cousin, watching as the flies crawled out from the inside of his open mouth. The passageway on the other side of him that led to the chamber of gold bathed in darkness. Quietly he stepped over Philippe’s body that could so easily have been him.

Carefully he moved out of the light and into the darkness. He hit the passageway and felt the twisting in his stomach as it tightened so hard that he thought he would vomit right there and then as he had yesterday. His subconscious telling him, “turn back, turn back,” as his mind and greed overruled, pushing him further.

He made the door and shoved it open. How long had I been down here now? he wondered. Thirty seconds at the most. If he was quick, he’d be in and out in less than two minutes.

In complete silence, he moved into the room and turned on the flashlight on his phone. The chests were still there up against the wall as they were the day before. The trunks covered in dust and cobwebs. Quietly, he took off his rucksack and opened it. Then he opened the lid of the chest, hearing the suction of the antique leather seal break as he did.

The gold was there just as he thought, tucked away in the same chests his ancestors had described, and his family had told him to look out for. Bars of gold all stacked together like a bank robber’s wet dream, sitting alongside pillars of gold coins all lined up alongside each other, crammed together in a medieval teller’s drawer.

Placing his phone on the side and positioning the light into the chest, he reached in and grabbed a small gold bar, put it into his rucksack, and felt the weight. He grabbed another one and another, then two more, then three. He felt the weight. It was heavy, heavier than he’d expected. The bag still seemed empty. Reaching in again, he picked up another two, then stopped as he heard a noise come from the other side of the door.

Feeling his stomach hit his mouth, Cristi stood silent for the moment, neither placing back the gold in his hand nor taking it all the way out. Something was moving outside the door, and it seemed to be coming from above. Slowly he placed the gold in his hand back on the pile, leaving it at an angle.

Switching the light off on his phone, he stood there in the pitch black, not breathing. The shuffling from outside the door seemingly moving away back along the corridor. Switching the light back on, he looked back to the door. Slowly he put the rucksack on and walked over to the door. Fuck it was heavy, he thought as he cursed Sorin for not having the guts to join him. Taking a hold of the door handle, he slowly opened it and stood still listening. If he went now, then in thirty seconds more or less, he’d be out, he thought. Then he’d just need to avoid that guy with the scars and he would be rich. Taking a chance, Cristi held his breath and took a sneak look outside, then seeing nothing he stepped out into the darkness of the passageway and saw there was no longer any daylight coming from the main cellar.

With his heart hammering, he moved his way along the dark passageway in the direction he had come, feeling the same damp walls as he went. Terrified that, at any moment, the vampire would pounce. The gold weighing heavy on his back and legs. He reached the end of the passageway and the opening to the cellar where his cousin lay dead. The light from the foyer up top creeping in through the underside of the door barely lighting the figure that was now sitting silhouette upon the bottom of the stairs.

In the darkness, the flies found him.

Cristi held his breath, waiting as he did his best to ignore the flies that now had begun to crawl upon his face. The sweet sickly smell of his cousin burning his nostrils with every small breath he took. Then the figure at the bottom of the stairs moved, shuffling to its feet. Slowly it moved away from the stairs and disappeared into the darkness of the cellar. Its feet scratching and dragging on the cellar’s concrete floor as it went. Then it stopped.

Cristi stared into the darkness, the light under the door at the top of the stairs calling him as it reached down, kissing the steps and walls before it fell away into nothingness. Whoever was there in the room was now cloaked in darkness, just as he was.

Run, he thought, drop the bag, and fucking run! But with the noise and the time it took to remove the bag from his back, he could be halfway up the stairs and away. If he ran and anyone got in the way, he could spin himself around and use the bag’s weight as a weapon. If whoever it was grabbed the bag, he could ditch it like a gecko ditches its tail and be gone like lightning up the stairs.

Make the light, just make the light, he told himself over and over as he heard slight movement from within the darkness on the opposite side of the cellar. With a clunk, the door at the top of the stairs opened, sending a wave of light down into the cellar, agitating the flies even more and catching Ray Raye in its wake as he stood there squinting at the dead body on the floor.

Crouched low to the ground at the edge of the passageway, Cristi looked up to this guy with his ponytail hair and gut only twenty feet away. Then to the brightly lit stairs that were calling him on the other side. He could do it, he thought. He could blast past the fat prick like a squirrel up a tree and be gone. Just as he felt his adrenaline surge and was about to commit from his squat position, a figure emerged at the top of the stairs, blocking out the light as its shadow appeared, growing smaller as it came closer towards him down the stairs.

Cristi watched as the man with the scars reached the bottom of the stairs and looked around. The sword he held in his right hand catching in the light as he raised it whilst he walked about calmly, poking it towards the high ceiling. The guy with the ponytail watching him as he stretched his arm upwards. Then, like lightning, the man with scars, lowered his sword again, took two paces forward and thrust the sword out, stabbing the blade straight through Ray Raye’s chest.

With the sword still run through him, Ray Raye fell to the floor, settling with his body twitching in the throes of death next to Philippe’s body.

Cristi watched as the man with scars casually pulled the sword from Ray Raye’s body, and reaching down, grasped the man’s ponytail. Lifting his head up from the floor and with three slow and precise cuts down across the back of Ray Raye’s neck just below the ponytail, he severed the man’s head from his body.

With the air of a man putting out the trash, Igor dropped Ray Raye’s head down in between the two torsos. Looking up, he pointed the sword to the ceiling and said,

“You’ll be next.”

Then he heard the tired and raspy voice of the Coont calling him from the end of the other passageway,

“Igor ... Igor ...”

Transfixed, Cristi watched from the darkness as the man with scars turned his attention from the ceiling and looked towards the sound of the Coont’s voice. Spinning around, Igor began to walk away, pausing for a moment before entering at the opposite passageway’s entrance to leave his sword against the passageways wall.

Feeling the weight of the gold on his back, Cristi slowly stood and crept forward towards the two bodies on the floor. Reaching them, he looked up to the ceiling to where the man with the scars had been poking.

With her mouth covered in the blood she’d taken from her roommates’ necks, Carol looked down on Cristi. The young girl clinging like a bat in the darkness as she hid from the daylight in the hole she’d clawed away. Her red eyes and snarling teeth showing, her usually silky blonde hair now matted with the blood, wood, and plaster from the debris her long, sharp nails had clawed away.

************

Igor reached the end of the dark corridor and looked at the empty ironwood coffin laying on the floor in the centre of the chamber. Then he heard the Coont’s voice from above. The vampire, tucked away, hiding in the hole he’d carved in the ceiling, close to Josephine, who had clawed out a crevice for herself on the opposite side.

A hundred and fifty years ago, when the mansion had been built, it was very fashionable to ask for a cellar to be dug deep, so that the ceilings could be high. Now though Igor regretted it, for if the cellar areas were starting to become infested with demons, it was going to be problematic in getting them down.

It was daytime, and they were vulnerable, and they knew it. The Coont strangely more so than Igor had ever seen him before, when centuries earlier the vampire would have put his trust in his keeper to guard his coffin whilst he slept in his preferred manner on a bed of luxurious silk and gold. Looking up at the Coont, who was now just out of reach, even if he’d still been carrying his sword, he said,

“Yes master?”

The Coont looking down on him with his red eyes and leathery skin. His bony fingers clinging to the wooden beams and ceiling brick. He said,

“Kill thy Lupei, whom cometh to thine castle.”

Queen Josephine then called down to him as she clung to the ceiling like an upside-down rat.

“Slave?”

Ignoring her, Igor answered the Coont, in a manner which he himself found difficult to believe he had slipped so easily back into, “The Lupei, they do not cometh Master.”

“They are here, slave - doubteth I hath not.”

“Slave!”

Igor heard Queen Josephine call down again. And as he was about to placate the Coont by telling him that he would search for the Lupei, he heard Queen Josephine’s condescending voice say again,

“Answer to your queen, slave.”

Igor stared up at her and wished he had not left his sword at the start of the passageway in fear of the Coont taking its presence the wrong way. The vampire possibly seeing him holding it as a threat to himself and, despite being hindered by his wellington boots, kill him instantly with his speed and strength.

By the way she’d positioned herself, it would have been an easy toss of the ancient sword. The weighted blade holding straight as it did so well would have easily caught the cock-sucking queen in the throat and brought her to the ground. Same for the newly arrived young girl who was clinging to the ceiling at the bottom of the stairs.

But she could wait, along with this new queen, until his violin performance was complete.

He said, ignoring her still as he looked at the Coont’s wellington boots,

“Why for you rest without sleep, Master? You have comfort below. I will protect thee.”

But that was the Coont’s problem, and he was becoming wise to it. Hence the reason he’d kept ahold of the slave he’d given immortality to. Holding him fast while he slept so as he could not close the coffin lid and keeping himself half-awake up in the ceiling when his slave wasn’t around. The Coont seeing the way the man had been living whilst he’d been locked in a box. The way he had not cared for him after he’d got out either. The slave’s incompetence costing him the toes on his right foot.

Truth was, after he’d bitten and spat blood and saliva into the Moorish chariot driver’s mouth, it was just a matter of time before the Coont’s curse took over the man completely. The Coont Draculi deciding Hamza would be a worthy slave, after the taxi driver had showed delight in understanding the Coont’s ancient Arabic he’d spoken.

The Coont sitting in the back of the newly arrived immigrant’s cab still confused at how it moved and asking where Hamza kept the horses whilst he drove him and Josephine back to the mansion. The master vampire happy to have someone else to speak to apart from the slave whom he could no longer trust.

The tanned-skinned mortals of the Islamic faith always taking their time to change, and this one, it seemed to the Coont, was no different. Once his curse had smothered the man’s faith and he became a slave who could be trusted, he’d gift him with eternal life. Then, he would sever Igor’s head and be done with the man, and the Islamic man could take over.

For the moment though, he was feeling the need for the blood of one of these maidens who occupied this new world he lived in. As after each taste of the first bite, his body just seemed to come alive every time like nothing he had ever experienced.

Igor turned and left the two vampires clinging to the ceiling and headed back down the passageway towards the light coming down the stairs from above. One thing though was bothering him, and it was the fact that according to the Coont, the Lupei kids were here again and the Coont for all his faults, was never wrong.

He reached the cellar area and looked to where he’d left his now bloodied sword to see that it was gone. Goddamn it, he thought. All he needed now was one of them boys to be waiting in the wings with that thing. He looked to Ray Raye’s body on the floor and then to his head. The man’s surprised eyes looking back at him, his mouth open, showing his brown, stained teeth. Then he looked to the ceiling to see the young girl was no longer clinging to the crevice she’d dug up there.

She would never have gone upstairs into the light, and she would have not dared come near the Coont, so she had to have gone further into the passageway down the tunnel. Stepping over the two bodies, he walked towards the passageway on the other side of the cellar. Igor stopped at its entrance and looked along its length as the light faded away to blackness. He moved along, the bricked ceiling lower and touchable if he stretched his frame. Then he saw her in the distance clinging again to the ceiling with her head twisted towards him and her hair hanging loose. The girl’s red eyes picking up the now faint light from the cellar beyond. Her body in a defensive stance as she snarled and hissed as spit dribbled from her mouth. Moving on, Igor carried on towards the girl as she snapped forward and back again as he approached. Stopping, he said to her,

“Oh, how sad am I to see you.”

And he was sad, sad to see such a young life ruined by what he could only determine to be the Coont or that drug dealing street hooker now turned queen. Then he said, “But don’t worry, I’ll be putting you out of your misery soon, my dear.”

Then he noticed the faint light from beneath the door to the chamber room where he kept his gold. Walking towards it, Igor stopped. Then, on the chance that one of those kids or anyone else was on the other side holding his sword, he kicked the heavy wooden door open hard. Instantly, he flipped on the small light, only to find that it was no longer working. He looked around. Bar the leather-bound chests, the room was empty, one of the chests’ lids was open. A phone, with its light still burning, was shining down onto the gold inside. The reflection now faintly lighting the room. He walked over, picked up the phone, and looked at it. Then, he looked inside to see the columns of gold coins he’d neatly spent time stacking years ago had shifted unevenly and verging on tumbling, much like a tempting amusement arcade game. On top of that, some of the gold bars were gone also, two of which were sitting at an angle.

He stood there and looked at the cobwebs and wondered if the spiders that had made them were still alive. Then he tried to remember how high he’d stacked the bars. Looking to where the cobwebs weren’t, he did the math. He remembered now, he’d stacked the bars 4 deep and 12 high and used a wooden inch ruler to stack the coins 8 inches high as they’d kept falling.

Leaving the phone with its light still on placed back where he found it, Igor walked away. He opened the other chests to find them still full as he’d remembered leaving them, just as Carol, still clinging from above, slunk her way slowly through the door into the room and crept up behind him on the ceiling. Her hair hanging to the side of her face as her head hung upside down. Her red eyes following Igor as he moved around the room obsessed with his gold. Her saliva dribbling the wrong way from her mouth to her eyes and dripping off of her forehead as it made its way to the floor.

Just as he was about to close one of the chest’s lids and turn away toward the door, Carol let go with her spiny fingers and dropped herself from the ceiling onto Igor’s shoulder. Ripping through his shirt she dug her now sharp talon-like nails into his skin. The girl who not so long ago liked to get high on E and dance in the clubs as the boys watched bit her teeth hard into the bottom of Igor’s neck.

Taken by surprise and spinning, Igor turned and, reaching up, dragged the newly formed vampire from his back and threw her to the ground. Looking at the girl as she landed on the dusty floor, he felt the wound on his neck. The girl had bitten deep. Annoyed at himself, Igor moved towards her as Carol crouched on all fours, snarling with his blood fresh upon her mouth. Her eyes glaring, her skin a shade of deathly grey. Stepping forward and lashing out, Igor kicked out at her, catching the girl in the face with his foot and feeling her rip into his calf with her strong talon-like nails for his troubles. Carol’s head hit the side of one of the trunks with a bang as she fell away from him. Then, not being done, the screaming girl came at him, lashing her arms about as she jumped, trying to scratch out his eyes.

With the muscle memory of an old warrior, Igor side-stepped the girl, batting her flailing arms down as she came at him and kicking her feet out from beneath her in one swift move. The girl hit the floor, and the moment she did, she was off again, running on all fours towards the door as her shrieking screams pierced the silence of the room.

Just as she was almost out the door, Igor kicked the door shut, trapping one of Carol’s ankles hard as she almost made it through. Placing his foot at its bottom, he held it firm on Carol’s ankle as she struggled on the other side of the door.

Taking a moment Igor caught his breath, then turning, noticed one of Cristi’s mirrors he’d left leaning against the wall. Reaching down, he now knew exactly what he was going to do. Bending over, he took ahold of the girl’s ankle and then reopened the door again, and fighting her own force, dragged Carol back into the chamber. Spinning her around, he grabbed her other foot as she lashed out, kicking him. Her body twisting as he struggled, her arms and sharp bony fingers scratching out as she tried to sit up.

Then Igor ran, still holding her, dragging her feet first out of the chamber laden with gold and into the dark passageway. The newly turned vampire screaming as they went.

Running at speed, Igor pulled the fiend further along, towards the main part of the cellar. Hearing her shriek with pain as they hit the light from the stairs and the vampire felt its deadly rays begin to burn her skin. With her body dragging behind him, Igor kept going as he trod over the two bodies, pulling her through the slowly decaying mush of the Lupei boy and the fresh blood draining away from Ray Raye’s torso. The girl subconsciously lashing out, grabbing and holding onto Ray Raye’s ponytail as she passed, dragging his decapitated head along with her as she went.

With Carol’s screams in his ears, Igor hit the stairs and ran up them, pulling the vampire girl behind him further and further into the daylight. Then out and along the marble floored corridor. Hearing her cries grow louder as the light from outside grew stronger. Carol slipping from one side to the other as she struggled and held onto Ray Raye’s head. Seconds later, he hit the foyer, swinging and dragging the girl across the marble and crashing her against the wall with such force that it knocked Ray Raye’s head from her bony grasp and sent it spinning across the floor under Napoleon’s chandeliers.

Letting go with one hand, Igor opened the door and dragged the vampire the final distance outside and down the steps into the pure light of day. The sun catching Carol’s body, burning the skin from her flesh, as she dragged behind him until he stopped and placed his foot to her throat in front of Hamza’s taxi with its meter still whirring.

And there he held her, with his foot pressed down hard upon Carol’s neck as Igor looked down and watched her blister away. Smelling the familiar aroma he hadn’t smelt in centuries as the vampire’s rotten flesh burnt away under the sun, until there was nothing more than just ash and bone.

With the sun on his face, Igor stood there and stared at the girl’s bones as the remnants of her mortal coil blew away in the breeze. The taxi driver staring too as he rocked back and forth in his cab reciting the Koran. What a week it had been so far, Igor thought. He had two vampires living in the cellar along with two bodies and another one now skeletonized on the drive.

Strangely though, what he was the most concerned about was this performance concert at the school he had coming up in a couple of days. That, and the fact his favorite sword was now missing and he’d neglected to wipe it clean of blood. Soon the toxins in the fat heavy metal guy with the ponytail’s blood would begin to eat into the steel.

************

With the gold weighing heavy on his back, Cristi watched as the man with the scars dragged the girl through the door and out into the open, then held her down in front of the taxi with his foot upon her throat as he heard her final screams whilst the sun ate away at her flesh.

He was pretty sure that it was the same girl he’d seen dribbling and clinging to the cellar’s ceiling wanting to pounce. The vampire looking down upon him desperate for his blood, but afraid of the light.

Dropping the bag off his back and stabbing the sword into the earth, he reached into his pocket to grab his phone.

“Fuck,” the boy said out loud as he checked the rest of his pockets just in case as the memory of it sitting on the side of the chest shining light onto the gold ran through his mind.

“Shit.”

He looked to Igor, the man with scars still out there and now only just walking away from the skeleton. The man with scars stopping briefly to look in the side window of the cab at the driver as he bobbed his head to and fro.

Fuck, how I’d love to just go over there and get in the back of that taxi and get the hell out of Dodge, he thought. But that wasn’t going to happen. There was no way he was going near that place again. Not for the moment anyhow. Slowly Igor walked away from the car and without another thought to the demon he’d just dragged out into the sun, went back inside.

As quick as a flash, Cristi was up and running for the entrance gate to the mansion. Feeling the gold swinging on his back as he went. He reached the gate and tried the handle. Its tall wrought iron trellis structure locked down solid with magnets and refusing to budge. Giving up, he hit the corner where the two stone walls met and the stone lowered.

Taking the backpack off, Cristi pulled out one gold bar at a time and threw them up and over the wall. Followed by the sword and the backpack itself. Then, stepping back ten paces, he ran fast at the wall, jumped and with one foot as high as he could land it, he let his momentum take over. Pivoting himself towards the top of the wall, Cristi snatched his fingers on the smooth stone with one hand. Seconds later, he was over and landing with one foot on the bag on the other side of the wall.

Picking everything back up, he walked quickly along the road. He needed to get as far as he could away from the mansion until he felt safe. Half expecting any second for the police to arrive. He looked at the sword, and for the first time saw the blood on its blade. Why hadn’t I seen the blood earlier? he thought. “Jesus Christ,” he said out loud as he remembered the man with the scars severing the fat guy’s head.

He took a deep breath and stared at the sky as he felt his hands begin to shake. Pulling his shirt from his trousers, he ripped off a chunk from the bottom and stepped over to the small storm drain at the side of the road. Dropping down still with the sword in his hand, Cristi wet the cloth and cleaned the sword of blood until all he could see was the glint of the steel gleam in the sun.

He cleaned his hands, and looked at the sword. With one eye on the road, he stared at its shining steel and dragged his finger across its razor-sharp blade. The sharkskin handle holding firm in the palm of his hand beneath his grip. Its three-foot-long blade sweeping down to the blade’s sharp and deadly tip. Holding it up in front of himself, he felt the swords weight and as Cristi swung it from side to side to feel its balance, he felt invincible.

************

Sorin sat on the bed in the small motel room on Kingsway and stared at the ancient gold bars. The Lupei kid happy and sad that he’d not had the courage to go with his cousin and still embarrassed to have left Philippe lying dead in the mansions basement. Cristi swung his new sword back and forth around the room as he looked at himself checking his hair in the mirror. Laying his sole claim for the haul he’d just brought back verbally, Cristi said,

“You going to go back and get yourself a bag full as well?”

Sorin did, and he didn’t want to go, and from the way Cristi was speaking, there wasn’t going to be any sharing of the gold that now lay before him. He did though still have his share of half the gold coins the man with scars had tried to slowly bribe them with. But again, that’s not what they were here for. Bottom line, he was just happy his cousin had made it back. Especially after hearing he’d seen the man with scars use the same sword the boy now swung about the room to cut some guy’s head off like he’d claimed.

He’d heard the ‘Ace of Spades’ blaring out earlier whilst he waited on the other side of the wall. Ray Raye’s screams following shortly after, seemingly closer to the wall, and had wondered what was going on and if somehow because of it, Cristi was just as done for as their cousin Philippe. Then an hour or so later, after nervously waiting and doing a couple of laps around to the front, Cristi had arrived holding the sword. Making him jump out of his skin as he’d looked in at him ghoul-like through the car’s side window.

He’d asked him as they drove back in traffic across the bridge if he’d seen the Coont this time around and whether his cousin’s body was still lying in the cellar.

“No, but I heard him,” was all Cristi had said as he’d looked for the twentieth time at the gold in his bag as Sorin changed lanes and headed into the city. Cristi closed the bag and looked to the car’s wing mirror in a gesture of a guilty man. Then, carried on,

“Yeah, Philippe’s still there, but he’s got company now-some loser who got his head cut off by that scarred-up fuck and some girl who was clinging to the ceiling and looked pretty fucked up. But I think she’s dead now as well, though, as I saw that scarred-up fuckhead pull someone who looked similar to her into the sunshine out the front.”

Cristi back now in their shared motel room, paid for by the family, swishing the blade around the room in a figure of eight, like a treasure hunter for the fourth time. Nodding to the gold sitting on the bed, Sorin asked,

“And how you going to get this back?”

“I won’t. I’m gonna sell it,” Cristi answered straight back as though it was already a done deal. The kid having already thought that one through.

“Oh!”

“Yeah, I’m going to sell it bit by bit and buy myself a fuck-you car when I get home.”

The kid having already worked out the gold’s value using an old weight scale he’d borrowed from the reception.

“Oh! And what about the Coont? You given any thought as to how we’re going to kill him?”

That was a good question, Cristi thought, and one he’d been deliberating also on the way back. Truth was, for all the bravado he showed now standing there with his new sword in his hand and a small fortune in gold sagging the shitty mattress on the bed, he’d been terrified.

It was a terror which hadn’t really left him and he knew he’d been lucky. Being trapped in that cold dark cellar for a second time with yet another vampire, the man with scars, and a pony tailed fat guy who’d proceeded to lose his head was not going to be forgotten quickly. Even if he was now kind of rich and could buy himself a Lamborghini and all the hair gel he ever wanted.

Then, just as he swept the visions of the cellar from his mind as he stared at the gold coins and bars on the bed, he heard Sorin take a deep breath and say,

“Well, you know we came here to do our duty, and Philippe’s dead. We owe it to him. So, gold or no gold, I’m going back in and somehow I’m going to kill that vampire.”

And from the look on his face, Cristi knew Sorin wasn’t joking.


