


CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Before the sun had dropped below the Insular mountains way in the distance to the west on Vancouver Island, and blessed the skyline with its radiant light, Igor had grabbed his violin, jumped in his Tesla, and was now watching the sun set, as he sat in the front living room of the cottage by the water where the birds no longer flew. If the Coont wanted to put his nose to the air and sniff him out then he could come down here to lay down his demands. If he did, so be it, he’d deal with it. But he doubted that was going to happen. There were hardly an abundance of cocaine laden maidens hanging around this place and that’s what he’d be on the lookout for. Now that he’d found his new queen. So instead of pandering to the man like the butler come bodyguard he was supposed to be, he was going to have some food, relax, and spend the evening practicing the violin and then when night came, he’d get some sleep. Then he’d do it again, right up until he was due to perform at this mini-concert he’d allowed himself to be roped into where he was to be the only star.

************

Having waited for his slave to let him know the sun was down before he opened the door from the cellar, the Coont now knew there was every chance the man was throwing a tantrum after being struck. It was the way Igor was and had always been since he’d saved him after his humiliating defeat on the battlefield.

Opening the cellar door for himself, the Coont felt the chill of the evening air which he loved so much. His throat now sore from screaming Igor’s name. There was no doubt about it, he was going to have to give the mortal in the chariot outside a little more of a helping hand with his transformation to the dark side, as he seemed to be holding onto his own ridiculous life.

For now, though, he had his new queen to sort out maidens as Igor had certainly been letting things slide. He said to Queen Josephine as they walked together past Ray Raye’s head as it lay on the floor under Napoleon’s chandeliers,

“Thirst hath I. Bringeth a maiden.”

Josephine looked to Ray Raye’s head on the floor as he stared into nowhere with his mouth open. She hadn’t the slightest of ideas as to what the Coont was saying, the gist of it was though that the vampire was thirsty, as she was also. The new vampire queen feeling the cravings for blood more now it seemed than she ever had for the drugs which had slowly destroyed her previous life.

This slave of hers with the scars needed to get his shit together, that was certain. There should have been a couple of fresh maidens here for the Coont and something for herself as the idiot with the ponytail was obviously not in any fit state to bring home the bacon.

************

They hit the downtown core with the Coont sitting in the back of Hamza’s chariot alongside his new queen. The Coont wishing he had flown after watching the man bob his head up and down and listening to him chanting from the Koran for the last half an hour. At least, though, the man could vaguely understand what was being said, and he, unlike Igor, did what he was told. However, as much as the Coont had tried, conversation seemed to be out of the question.

Leaving Hamza to call to his own God for salvation, the two vampires exited the cab and walked down Robson Street looking for prey, drawing a lot of attention as they did. The Coont moving with his cape flowing behind him, his face white and his eyes bright red. His long bony fingers stretched down towards his welly boots. His queen next to him all in leather with her red lips and big bust popping out, looking like something straight out of some teenager’s wet dream.

The two dwarfs who’d just arrived in for the weekend from Cranbrook in British Columbia’s interior wearing their kid-sized Levi jackets and cowboy boots. The boys waddling in front of the Coont and his queen, staring back at them in disbelief. The two young boys looking like a couple of hors d’oeuvres to the two hungry vampires who’d just stepped out to dine.

The Coont thinking they were merely children as he and his queen easily put them into a trance as Luke and Broden felt themselves lifted into the air. Their blood draining from their little bodies as the Coont and his queen bit down and drank from their tiny necks. The two young boys having bused it all the way into a city which was to them the big smoke and taken a hotel the day after inheriting some money from their uncle’s death. The guy having drunk too much and killed himself, falling from his horse. Luke and Broden Hall vowing to get some big city pussy whilst they were in Vancouver, even if they had to buy it.

The two young men who looked at the world from a different angle than most thinking their time had come when the beautiful and statuesque goddess in leather had smiled and said,

“Hello, boys!” in her sexy tone, before enticing them with her sex into a closed mini-mall’s entrance. Only for them to be used, discarded, and left for dead in a doorway of a restaurant that was being renovated.

With the vampire and his queen’s appetites barely satisfied, they moved on. Heading east, they met and killed two skateboarders on the steps of the art gallery. The skateboarders who’d been high on weed and had the misfortune to have found the Coont and his queen amusing - along with almost everything else they’d seen that evening. The young men, half-drunk, half-stoned, with their pants halfway down their asses, minding their own business for the most part as they tried desperately to relive the skateboarding prowess of their early teens. Years before, when they had watched their peers high on dope and booze with curiosity. Now, though the sight of a Dracula and Elvira-wannabe on a night out on the town, complete with blood on their chins, had been too much to handle, and very quickly, they’d found themselves transfixed down below the causeway at the side of the ice rink, lifeless with no blood in their veins.

The amount of weed and booze in the boys’ systems only making the Coont and his queen relaxed and hungrier. The blood filling the first meal of the night’s gap that came straight after the mini-dwarf snack. There was though still something missing that the Coont wasn’t getting. The taste of male blood not being his thing. He needed the sweetness of a maiden’s, which these days made him feel invincible and alive. The vampire knowing better than to drink the blood of men like he just had. The usual indigestion which occurred straight after now happening again as it always seemed to.

Enough was enough, the Coont thought as he walked away from the ice rink along the side of the busy road, feeling his chest begin to burn and wanting to belch. Passing the mortals who still seemed without fear. Passing knights on foot and within chariots who simply smiled or raised their hands. It was all so bizarre.

There was the girl, he thought. The one he’d feasted on when he’d first woken in this strange kingdom where the chariots had no horses. She, though, would have turned by now and would be waiting somewhere within his new castle as the mortals whom he turned always seemed to do.

Unless Igor had already killed her off by now. And then it would have been her skeletal remains he’d seen in the front of the Moor’s chariot outside his castle. This new queen of his should have provided the way she had the previous evening. But no, here they were roaming the streets as he had in the olden days when he was growing up whilst his parents were still alive. Long before they’d drank the poisoned blood of the locals from the small town of Saronno in Italy. His parents passing through at night and wondering why the place was void of vampires and why the townsfolk there showed no fear. His parents discovering too late the locals’ tainted blood was laced with cyanide from the almond liqueur the town produced in plenty.

But that sad time was long ago in another era, it seemed, and it was early days with this queen. Roaming the villages looking for prey of an evening was okay, the Coont thought, reconsidering as he passed by mortals, snarling at them, as they stared and smirked. At least it got me out. Preferably not on foot, though, especially with this strange footwear he was now wearing, since that fool Igor had managed to cut off half his toes.

Flying was the way to go, and if she was good, he’d show this queen the art so as he could have some company. Then they could sweep the treetops and dwellings together, circle and drop in on prey if they smelled good, instead of this nonsense. Stopping, he raised his hand and said to his new queen,

“Take I unto the maidens with thy blood of sweet.”

And somehow, she understood what he’d meant, because before he knew it, Queen Josephine, like a rooftop pigeon, had found her way home and brought him back to the stinking alleys just off Main and Hastings Street.

The Coont stood there, among the homeless in their ragged clothes. Listening to these mortal men and women with bad skin and no teeth, who again showed no fear. Smelling the piss and vomit from the dwelling entranceways and alleys amongst the sweet blood of the maidens, wandering in among it all in their strange clothes.

And it was right there, front and center in this mess of humanity that they found Queen Josephine’s drug dealer Max selling his wares. Only this time, he was sporting a broken nose from where the Coont had thrown him through the wall.

Wanting to just leave as soon as he saw them both arrive at the entrance to the alley, the drug dealer turned and began to walk back towards his black Range Rover. The residents of the area calling to him as he did. But something inside was stopping him. He needed to get the fuck out of there, but for some reason he just couldn’t, and the more he tried, the more he felt compelled to stay.

Turning, he looked across the road to the alley entrance, then back at this strange man dressed as Dracula, standing there with this woman who used to work the area but now looked like she no longer belonged. The man in black standing there with his hand out, dressed like something you’d only see in a cheap horror movie. Holding his chest as he burped with one hand and curled his bony fingers with the other. Drawing them inwards towards his face as he summoned the drug dealer back towards him. The man’s eyes, again deep and red, fresh from drinking blood. His face sickly pale and ghostly. Slowly the drug dealer came to him as his mind tried desperately to break free from the spell he’d felt cast upon him. Then suddenly he was back in front of this man again. This creature who’d only the night before had effortlessly thrown him through a wall. The vampire saying to him,

“Mortal - Bow before thy master. I commandeth thee.”

And even though he was wearing his new expensive Fendi jeans, he did just that. Dropping down to his knees on the dirty, broken tarmac. Looking up to the demon, he heard the Coont say, “Becometh mine own slave and immortality be granteth you -withhold acceptance and find death eternal.”

Before Max could say a word, the Coont had his bony fingers clasped across the man’s face as he looked down upon him. Crushing the life from the man as he squeezed his bony thumb and forefinger into the drug dealer’s temples. Slowly pressurizing his brain until the man was dead.

The Coont held the drug dealer’s slumped body with one hand alongside his queen in the entrance to the alley filled with needles and human piss and shit. A place occupied by some who could equally match the Coont in evil and many others who’d quite simply lost their way in life. All now almost indistinguishable to the other poor souls suffering mental issues and released from care. Poor disoriented souls with simply nowhere else to go.

Josephine stood there in her leather boots and the cleavage of her breasts open for all to see. For her, watching the man who had fed her poison for so many years die being not such a bad thing to witness. Seeing as she’d known many other people over the last couple of years who had died at his hands from the poison he’d sold. Not that she really cared now since she’d passed on into another world. A world she certainly loved. Yes, she could no longer tolerate sunlight, but how often did she go to the beach or the park these days anyway? Truth was, she didn’t. Her whole life before had been centered around this shithole and sleeping in a shitty hotel room that was worse than any prison cell.

Now though, she had a thirst for blood and was the beautiful queen of a castle on the mountainside with slaves. All for the price of changing the color of the bodily fluid she now needed to swallow to survive.

The Coont there next to her mumbling to the drug dealer in a language Josephine could not understand as people passed by, not seeming to care. The Coont holding the man’s face and dribbling a long and seemingly endless thick stream of saliva and blood into his open mouth.

Then as the saliva and blood oozed from the drug dealer’s dead mouth and nose, Max began to cough and choke as he came alive again. Letting go of the man’s head, the Coont watched without feeling as the man fell onto the wet mess of dirt and gravel at his feet.

I get it now! the Coont thought, as he looked down at the dirty, puddle covered alley entranceway Max the drug dealer lay upon as he choked his way back to life.

Igor has me wearing these strange boots because this place we now live is so dirty and wet. It all made sense. So maybe he was overreacting, as he knew he tended to do, and had just done right there and then when he’d seen the drug dealer’s big black chariot and decided it would be perfect for him and his new queen.

What could be better really? Since the chariot they’d been using with the Islamic mortal who kept reciting the Koran was a little cramped and starting to smell.

************

Max, the drug dealer, was having a hard time focusing, given the headache he now had. On top of this, he thought he was going to vomit with the amount of the Coont’s saliva and blood he had in his stomach. Apart from that, though, he felt strangely good. All his other aches and pains and anxieties seemed to have disappeared, almost as though he had taken a big hit of some of the reality-altering poison he sold. He owed money to the Chinese people at the store, but it didn’t seem to matter now. He also owed money on the Range Rover, but that didn’t seem to matter either. In fact, nothing at all seemed to matter. Even the skanky street whores Candy and Dell sitting in the trunk and Simone, who smelled of fish, sitting next to him and was probably getting pubic lice on the front seat, didn’t bother him in the slightest.

Behind him, on the backseat, sat the Coont and her royal highness, the queen. He could see the woman still looking good with her long hair and red lips and remembered her screaming in the back there with him not so long ago when he’d fucked her. Then catching his eye, he heard her say to him,

“Stare at us not slave, know your place - we are your Masters.”

Max stayed quiet for a moment as he listened to her words, looking out to the road as he drove. What the fuck was she talking about? he thought as he slowed the car and took in what he’d just heard. Under normal circumstances, he’d have pulled the car over and told them all to get the fuck out. But somehow, he couldn’t. It was as though he’d had a spell put on him. A spell he couldn’t break or defy. He kept driving as he continued to watch the woman with her red lips and the oddball in the back who’d just crushed his skull.

“You live with us now - we command you,” The woman in the back who used to suck cock for a living said to him.

“I am your queen. The Coont Draculi is your king.”

Then the Coont raised his hand and placed it upon Max’s head. The drug dealer waited, expecting the worst as he felt the bony vampire’s palm and fingers grip his scalp. He continued to drive along West Georgia Street towards the park. The lights from the passing cars penetrating the tinted pimped-out windows, blinding his already watering eyes. Then he heard the Coont speak, and strangely, although he could not understand the vampire’s words, he nodded in agreement, as he listened carefully to what the man had to say,

“Slave, doeth our will and life eternal befalls thee.”

Everything was now okay in Max’s blurry eyes. From what he could gather, this weird guy had just made him part of the club. To top it off, it also looked as though from what the cocksucker turned beauty queen had just said, he’d now be staying at the mansion! Which was fine with him as with the amount of drugs these guys were doing, the chances were high they’d be dead soon. Then, it would be him who was king of the castle.

They reached the front of the mansion, cruised straight through the gates, and pulled up behind Hamza, who was back before them. The man, like Max, suffering through his own war, using his faith and an inner strength Max could never possess to fight the demonic curse that had enveloped him. The man still bobbing his head and ignoring another four hookers who were still sitting in his cab as they laughed and told him they weren’t paying the bill.


