


CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Luke and Broden Hall came to on the tiled floor of the mini-mall on Robson and looked around dazed at the shops that were closed but would be opening soon. They were pale, and the blood on their necks was now dry. Standing, they looked to the other person sharing another doorway in the now closed mini-mall. The homeless guy who’d once had a family, a job, and a home until booze had completely taken over his life, now lying next to his shopping cart on a dirty piece of cardboard he’d managed to keep dry for the last couple of weeks. The guy just in his fifties, but looking like a seventy-year-old rough and ready Santa Claus with his scraggly white hair and beard, which hadn’t been touched in a year.

The two boys, who’d come to town looking for pussy but sadly had become food, stood silently. The two of them staring at the man as he lay there asleep with his mouth open wide, showing off what little teeth he had left.

“What the fuck happened?”

Luke asked as he felt the wound on his neck and then twisted his body to try to see his reflection in the shop window, but strangely could not. Giving up, he pointed to his neck, asking his brother,

“Is that blood?”

It was, and his brother also had the same marks when he checked. Except Broden had lipstick on his. Broden began to laugh as he stared at the shop window, noticing he could see everything else around him except himself and his brother. But it wasn’t funny because they’d lost so much blood in the attack that they’d both died, and they wouldn’t be going to heaven. And now, since they’d woken, they would soon themselves turn into the same demons that had inflicted the wounds on them. Luke said,

“Fuck, I’m thirsty.”

He was, but the thirst wasn’t for a Big Gulp from 7-Eleven full of ice which he liked to pound back until he thought his brain had exploded. It was for the fresh warm blood of a mortal.

Broden watched Father Christmas as the man dribbled spit from the side of his mouth, then looked down to the piss stain in the man’s trousers.

“We paid for a hotel and ended up sharing a room with Santa.”

Then at almost the same time, they felt their teeth were different in their mouths as their tongues found the fangs that felt foreign to its touch. Turning, they looked back into the shop window to look at a reflection that was again not there. They pulled back their lips and stretched their now protruding teeth out at themselves. Turning to each other, they both said together,

“Oh my God!”

As they dug their fangs into their lower lips, they felt the thirst as an incredible hunger for blood washed through them. In sync, they both turned, looking at the man who’d seen better days lying on his cardboard. With their fangs now showing, they walked towards him like wolf pups circling around a baby deer looking for their first kill.

Hissing and spitting, they stood above the man in their cowboy boots and kids’ jeans as the vile snarling sounds coming from their mouths brought the man around. Staring through blurred eyes, slowly, the man came too, until his primeval instinct broke though the cheap whisky he’d gorged on the night before and brought him to his feet.

And there he stood in the small hours of the morning in a mini-mall rubbing his eyes as he looked down upon these two dwarfs that had had their lives cut short, having been unexpectedly recruited into a demonic world. The man suddenly awake and kicking out at them in his broken, worn-down shoes, telling them straight away to “fuck off,” as he did.

The two dwarfs moved closer, spitting and snarling still as they clawed the air with their little porky fingers. Then they flanked him as the man who looked like Father Christmas began to kick the little fledgling vampires away as they snatched at his legs and piss-stained trousers.

Seeing his neck, instinctively feeling a strength in their legs that they’d never felt before, they began to jump, trying to reach it with their fangs.

Screaming at the little fellas to fuck off, the man who looked like Santa kicked and thumped out at the two young boys as he grabbed his shopping trolley and tried his best to put it between himself and them. Not giving up and driven by a preposterous thirst which they’d never felt before, they carried on. Neither of the two young boys caring as the man cried for help. Then Broden reached out and, pulling the trolley from the man’s grasp, he slammed it on its side to the floor.

As quick as a flash, he scrambled up and stood on the trolley’s side, giving him that extra foot in height and bringing him eye level to the man’s chest. This was it, he thought, as he stared up at the man’s neck. The man still punching and kicking out, trying in vain to keep the two dwarfs at bay.

Then just as Broden was about to jump, the man suddenly pushed him away and made a break for it as he began to run with his long coat made heavy with grime trailing behind him. But as with so many whose lives have long since passed their sell by date, the pickled mind of the man who’d once won the dads’ running race on sports day failed to connect with his feet and legs, and with his balance off found himself tumbling to the hard, tiled mini-mall’s floor.

As soon as he was down, the little dwarfs pounced on him as they both scrambled over his body. With the ferocity of two toy dogs that had lost their tempers, they bit down cheek to cheek on the man’s now open neck with their newly formed fangs and drank the blood they needed until the man who looked like Santa went still.

************

They left him there on the tiled floor of the mini-mall and ran down Robson Street with their cowboy hats on and the inner thighs of their puffy legs rubbing together. Both laughing as they looked at each other’s bloodied mouths and fangs. The two twins sprinting as fast as their little legs would take them towards the hotel they’d booked till Monday.

Reaching it, they stopped outside the hotel and looked towards the east to the sun, which was about to come up to brighten the day and eat into their flesh. Somehow both boys knowing now that the day previous they’d watched the sun come up for the final time. But for the way they felt, having just run flat out for the last mile without even breaking a sweat, there really could be no comparison.

They walked in through the front entrance and straight through the lobby. Hitting the elevator, they reached up and pushed the button for the top floor, and stared again at the mirror. The two boys wanting to see how cool they now looked with their fangs and eyes now as red as the squares on their cowboy shirts.

But again, they saw nothing.

Despite them having played trampoline on the twin beds the afternoon before, their room was made up. Not that they’d be using the beds again, with the curtains being so thin. Closing them still and with the do not disturb sign left outside, they locked the door, and both hit the windowless bathroom. Climbing up onto the sink, they looked at themselves in the mirror again to see nothing. They looked cool, though-they only had to look at one another to see a mirror image of themselves and know that.

Without even a thought for the man they’d just killed or to wipe the blood from their faces, they reached over, locked the bathroom door, and turned out the light. And there in the darkness, they settled and slept. The boys resting as they felt their bodies change. The twins becoming stronger whilst they waited for the sun to set and the chance to kill again.

************

As far as Queen Josephine was concerned, she would now be keeping her new stable of cock sucking whores at the mansion so as she and the Coont could feed off their fresh crack cocaine and heroin cocktailed blood. Especially now that things had turned around and that prick of a drug dealer, along with his endless supply of drugs, and fancy car, was now her slave when before it had been somewhat the other way around.

Having to hang out down in the cellar hiding in a crack in the ceiling during the day, was a bit of a drag. Especially when those mortals upstairs would be sleeping it off in those fancy bedrooms she owned. But she’d deal with that once she got this Coont guy under control. Seeing him cramped in the corner on the other side of the cellar chamber with his wellington boots hanging down was becoming difficult to bear - even at this early stage of the relationship. Especially when there was a nice silk-lined coffin laden with gold she could be sleeping in.

Her stupid slave with the scars was also on the missing list. She’d need to speak with the Coont about killing him off also. As from what she could tell, there was a chance he was the only one capable of doing so, despite the powers and strength she now possessed. Once she had that moron drug dealer Max up to speed with the castle and the supply of drugs and ‘maidens’ for the Coont, she’d sort him out. And what’s more, concerning the maidens, that was going to have to stop. Where was the fun in that for her? What was the point in having a stable full of women when she looked and felt hotter than she ever had? Where was the possibility of her having a nice big blue vein to drink from when all that was on offer were these sluts? There wasn’t.

Things would definitely have to start changing around this castle if this Coont wanted her to be his queen. If they didn’t, then he’d better go find himself somewhere else to live, because she was definitely not going to put up with this bullshit.

************

Max, the drug dealer, woke up around ten in the same room Igor had been calling his bedroom since the day he’d moved in after the mansion had been completed over 150 years ago. He looked around the room, seeing it properly now he was sober and it was daylight. It was big and grandiose, and in his eyes, whoever had been staying there before could now go fuck themselves and use one of the other rooms along the corridor. This one was his and his girlfriend’s if he could convince her to get her ass over to West Van, which in retrospect wasn’t going to be too hard given her dependence on cocaine.

He was going to have to get himself some more drugs, having exhausted the supply he’d had on him the previous day, initially with regular sales from the addicts he provided to, and then draining the rest overnight back at the mansion with all the theatrics going on.

The women, who would usually have been wandering the streets on the east side of town, fucking and sucking their way towards their next hit of crystal meth or crack, instead now hanging out and doing endless lines, inside this beautiful mansion which would soon be his.

The women, as high as kites, taking turns in laying back all night whilst this weird vampire-type guy sucked on their necks, when it should have been the other way around with these girls, as it had been for him, except he’d had his trousers down. The same way Josephine should have been showing him her appreciation for the free drugs he’d supplied. Except she now also didn’t seem interested in anything except biting these crack whores necks. It was certainly different.

He hit the bridge in the Range Rover and made it downtown. His phone having not stopped all night from his usual clients with their desperate messages, saying,

“Hey, it’s such and such, call me ASAP, it’s really, really important.”

Their self-induced problems no longer Max’s. So, they could all fuck off as he was now exclusive it seemed. There were some clothes he needed to get from the apartment he’d been renting, but what was the point,? He lived out of a suitcase, and he could just buy more. What he really needed was to stock up and get a week or two’s worth of dope, as it was moving fast.

He also needed a better class of woman for the mansion if this was how things were going to be. Not the girls I know and fucked for free coke, though, he thought as he pulled the car up in the back alley of the convenience store. He didn’t want them drained of blood, and all messed up. Where would the fun be in that? He’d be keeping those for himself. What he needed to do was start fishing from a different pond.

He parked the Range Rover and entered the back of the shop. The Chinese man and his wife, who had been supplying him with poison for almost a year now, busy as usual, working the front of the store. Big Max, the drug dealer, feeling good in his Nikes and ripped jeans. The young man who’d started off just buying from them for himself after he’d discovered it wasn’t just food they sold from their little store over in Chinatown. From there, it had just grown, and now from what he could see, it was going to get bigger, especially since Josephine had lined his pockets with gold.

“You have money?”

Asked the little woman who was having trouble with her back, which in turn made her look shorter than she already was. He said as he looked down at the hair on the back of her head,

“No, I have gold.”

Straightening herself up, the woman looked up at him, then without another word, she raised her hand and opened her palm to him. Reaching into his pocket, Max pulled out one of Igor’s gold coins and passed it over.

The woman looked at it and instantly knew from experience that it was real. Feeling its weight in her hand, it had to be worth around $2,200 at today’s rate. So, she said straight back as she dropped it on the same scales she used for weighing potatoes along with the drugs she and her husband sold, “This gold cheap, it worth just nine hundred eighty dollar.”

And Max, the drug dealer, whose closest dealing he’d ever had with the precious metal was passing the jewelers in the mall, said,

“Great, how many of these do you need then?”

The Chinese woman thought about it. This lady, who was originally from Guangzhou, had, along with her husband, been supplying drugs in their little store since the 1970s when all they sold back then had just been pot. The couple having left their hometown in their early twenties when everyone still rode bicycles. Neither of them these days, caring less if the fentanyl in the drugs they sold was killing people.

This guy Max was okay. He wasn’t too bright, but he was consistent. He had, though, just started rocking a brand-new fuck you top-of-the-line Range Rover despite owing them just over fifteen thousand dollars. If he handed over ten or more of these coins, his debt would be paid. But once he was off the hook with them, he could start buying with someone else, and that would not be good. She asked,

“How many coin you have?”

Max dug into his pockets, and pulling out a handful of coins, he put them on the table. Quickly counting them, the Chinese woman had them in a pile of ten. Purposefully excluding the coin still sitting in the weigh scale tray, she said, “You have ten.”

Then handing him the cloth-wrapped package he’d come to pick up, she said,

“This.”

Max stood there looking at the package. His head still hurt from where the Coont had forced his bony fingers into his brain. Frowning, he said,

“So?”

“Yeah - we good - okay go,” answered the Chinese woman as she scooped all the coins into a drawer and then discreetly pocketed the one in the tray.

“We good?” Max asked.

“Yes, good - you owe ten more - go, you good now,” the woman answered in a tone that could only conclude that the conversation was finished and she had better things to do than talk to him.

But they weren’t good, and Max knew it as he sat outside in the Range Rover. Despite his head hurting, he could still do the math. He’d given her ten coins, she said, and he’d counted them himself as they’d sat on the counter just before she’d shielded them from him with her body. He thought about it: he owed her fifteen grand, no, fourteen eight. She’d said the coins were worth $980, so that was nearly $10,000. The package was the usual $5,000. So, that plus $14,800, less the $9,800 for the coins. That was ten thousand like she’d said.

Then he remembered the coin in the scales. That was what it was; they had shorted him on that. He stuffed the package full of drugs into the center console of the Range Rover, got out, locked the door, and walked into the back of the shop and checked the scales for the coin that was no longer there. Seeing the woman and her husband on the other side out of the shop, he called out,

“Hey, what about the other coin?”

Stopping what she was doing, the woman came back into the rear of the shop along with her husband, and in an irritated tone said,

“Why you come here? You go - we finish.”

“The coin in the tray?”

Shaking her head, the woman looked to her husband first, then said, “You finish, you pay. You owe $10,000.”

But he didn’t, and he knew it. Despite the headache, he knew he could count. So he said, “It’s eleven coins. There was one on the scales.”

“No, you wrong, I honest woman.” said the woman who sold potatoes and fruit at the front of her store and Class A drugs out the back.

Max took a deep breath. It wasn’t the first time these people had been creative with his money, but they were a good source for product, so he’d let it go. Somehow now that didn’t seem to matter. He pulled his phone from his pocket and, cursing himself for not doing it in the first place, said,

“It was eleven coins, we both know that - and as for their value, we’ll see.”

Pulling his phone, Max quickly checked the price of gold coins. Moments later, he had it. A 4 oz gold coin like his was worth $2,200 in today’s market. The fucking bitch. Turning the phone, he showed the woman the screen. Staring at the screen, the woman shook her head.

“Not true!” she shouted straight back. “It mix gold, gold bad - I tell you. Get out shop - Finish.”

Ignoring her, Max quickly did the math on what had just happened and was still happening now. The bitch was ripping him off for $14,000 and had just stolen one of the gold coins to boot. Fuck that, he thought, it was out of order. Even if that slut Josephine had gifted him the coins in the first place, two of them were his from the first time he’d been to that mansion, given to him before he’d been thrown through the wall and knocked out. The shop owner said,

“Rate different now. My rate true - I pay commission.”

It was bullshit, and Max knew it. Even so, she’d still stolen the one coin that he’d first offered up, saying there were only ten. He said,

“Look, just give me the coins back, and I’ll give you cash.”

Then Max stood there looking about the rear of the store with his arms folded in front of him as he tapped his foot in frustration while he waited for an answer that wasn’t coming. Fuck this, he thought, this is the last time I’m coming here. He knew of another dealer where he could source this shit in bulk. So fuck them, he’d go get what he needed there. For now, though, these two could give him back his coins.

He stepped forward, and as he did, he felt his temper burst as he had so many times before. Back in the day, when things hadn’t gone his way, and he’d screamed and raged, pointing and punching out blind at girlfriends and family who’d once loved him.

Unfolding his arms and poking his finger, he leaned in, shouting right in the woman’s face, screaming out at her in a voice that shook the store,

“Give me the fucking coins now, you Chinese cunt, or I’ll burn the fuck out of this shithole!”

The woman looked to her husband and began to shout at him in Cantonese as Max listened and steamed. Max stared at the old man waiting along with the man’s wife for the old man’s reply. The Chinese shop owner completely unmoved by the young man’s unusual show of strength.

Then with a nod, Max’s answer came in the form of violence as the old lady produced a knife from out of nowhere and jabbed it straight into Max’s heart.

As Igor had told the Coont. ’These days, there are more evil people out there than you.’

The old Chinese couple stared at the young man as he held his hands to his chest and stared back at them both with nothing more than surprise in his eyes. Slowly he fell to his knees, then backwards until he lay upon their dirty floor, pinning his legs beneath his thighs as he died. Neither of them expecting this when they’d got up at 4 am to open the shop. With little care, they looked at each other as they spoke. The old man saying to his wife so matter of fact that he could have just as easily been talking about how much they were going to mark up the lettuce,

“I like his new car. We keep it?”

The wife gave it a thought for a moment. They could, but it wasn’t worth it. What they’d do was sell it. They’d get ten cents on the dollar for the car from a shop on the east side before lunch. That along with the coins, plus the drugs they’d given the kid she’d just killed could be resold. With the money they’d lost that the kid owed them, and the $1000 it cost to have the body removed and disposed of at a pig farm, they’d be up about $25,000, give or take. Picking up a tarp they used to cover the fresh produce overnight, she covered Max’s body and walked back into the shop and joined her husband who was already back working the till.

************

Fifteen minutes later, Max opened his eyes and saw the bright fluorescent light in the back-room ceiling as it shone through the worn-down tarp.

His chest hurt.

Moving his hand up from his stomach, he felt the knife still sticking out next to his right nipple and its blade that protruded down through his ribcage and into his heart. Slowly he pulled it out, and moving the tarp from his face, looked at the knife. How can I be alive? he thought as he watched his own blood dripping from the blade. How? But he was alive indeed, very much so. He looked to the drawer where the lady had placed his gold coins and walked to it, seeing the silhouette of the old Chinese couple who’d just murdered him serving in their shop through the old, beaded curtain which had been there since the 1970s.

He opened the drawer. The coins were still there, eleven in total, just as he’d said. Watching the couple, he pulled them from the drawer and put them in his pocket. Then he looked to the cupboard where he’d seen her pull his package from when he’d arrived. Walking to it, he opened it up and looked inside. The shelves were full of boxes, clips, paper, and an old can holding pens and pencils with a wad of rubber bands hanging from the top of them all.

He looked to the bottom, sitting to the right was a canvas bag with cut outs of the same cloth his stash of drugs had been wrapped in sitting on top. Kneeling down, he opened it to see inside tightly bound huge cakes of cocaine, and piece meal bags of heroin and crack, and every other form of drug that would send you just a little bit further down that chemically induced slippery slope to your grave.

He then looked to the other side at an old box, and reaching over, opened it up to find inside a layer of paper towels and underneath them, two huge wads of money, held together with elastic bands. He pulled them out, threw them into the big canvas bag, quickly checked the other shelves and then turned around and headed towards the back door that led to the alley.

