


CHAPTER NINETEEN

Josephine fed off the policeman until there was almost no life left in his body, and then as a light pre-meal snack, despite the indigestion, the Coont finished him off. Leaving him for dead, lying at the side of the dark lane, close to his now smashed squad car with its flashing lights.

They moved on.

We have a choice now, the Coont thought, we could go back to my castle and feed again on any of those skinny maidens that were still alive or we could find villagers that lived close by. His new chariot had now been stolen by that woman who did not want to be queen. So it was either fly alone or walk with this queen. One thing was for certain - his little taste of the blood from this knight had quenched his thirst for the moment. But, his mind and body hadn’t come alive as it normally would when he had tasted the maidens from this strange place. Feeling the acid build up in his chest, he stopped, and looked again at the police car. Staring with his deep red eyes at the chariot’s strange, flashing, colored flames he’d now given up trying to understand, he said,

“The city before us is of time. Let us feast upon its villagers, my queen.”

************

Max was pissed off. His car was gone, and from the look of the double garage door and the black paint marks dug into it, it had been his new Range Rover that had done the damage. Not only that, there were plants and smashed pots all over his lawn and driveway.

He walked to the side of the taxicab and knocked on the window. Once he realized that the man wasn’t going to lower it for him, he opened the door. As the mixed smell of sweat and bacon hit his nostrils, he said,

“What the fuck’s gone on out here?”

“Allahu Akbar - Allahu Akbar.” Hazma chanted back. Before following it up with a full prayer as he held on to the Koran, reciting from the pages within.

Max waited in the night air until the man was finished before screaming at him, “Where’s my fucking car?” Then he waited until the answer he was expecting did not come. In complete frustration, he asked again.

“Where - is - my - fucking - car?”

To which Hamza simply answered.

“Allahu Akbar ... Allahu Akbar.”

Things weren’t going well for the new manager in charge.

************

If ever there was a time for the Lupei boys to attack the mansion for the sole purpose of stealing the gold, it was now. But unfortunately, they were not aware that at this precise time the only people guarding it was a drug dealer who was out of his depth, and a couple of crack whores whose attention span switched between making bacon sandwiches to getting high, in precisely that order.

Getting in and out with the gold and leaving incendiary devices throughout the cellar to burn the Coont and whoever he’d recruited into oblivion when they returned to sleep would have been a great way to go. But instead, the boys were sitting waiting in their little stuffy motel room on Kingsway after planning an attack that was doomed to fail. The two boys left with only Sorin’s phone between them which he’d now switched off due to their uncles’ constant pestering and now squabbling over a plan of Cristi’s, which Sorin was not 100% sure would work.

“We’re here to rid the earth of a demon, not run a fucking heist,”

Sorin said for what he felt was the hundredth time. Wondering each time he’d said it, exactly how much gold the guy needed? And the answer to that was simple—as much as he could get out of that basement without being killed.

In Cristi’s mind, he’d already spent the horde he’d risked his life for, and that was okay. The Lamborghini being traded down in his head to a nice Alpha Romeo that he’d always coveted and maybe a house on the coast. Of course he’d have to drop a percentage to his side of the family, but that would only be a percentage of a figure he allowed them to know about to keep them off his back.

The kid now enjoying the fact that since he’d lost his phone, the incessant calling had stopped. What Sorin wasn’t seeing in Cristi’s mind, was that if they could get the lot and smuggle it back to Romania and have killed the Coont in the process, then they really would be kings, and kings can own palaces and have queens and football teams and fleets of the finest cars, and - and - and.

“But we could just as easily die or worse,”

Sorin countered as he’d sat there and looked at the small supply of gold bars now stacked up on the cheap kitchen table. “And where would that get us?”

“Die trying, but if we don’t try, we don’t do.” Cristi countered. “The hardest thing’s killing the vampire, and that prick with the scars and whoever else is in there. And once we do that, then the gold’s the bonus.”

It was true what the young boy who’d gotten gold fever was saying. If they killed him, they would take it anyway, and that’s what they were there for and expected to do.

Cristi already had a new plan, but it was sketchy at best. They would buy high explosives with some of the money from the gold coins they’d already collected from when it was thrown their way at the apartment. Then they would sneak into the grounds at dawn and wait until the man with the scars left, then they’d go inside through the kitchen door if it was still smashed, or break in if it wasn’t. Once they were in, they’d lay explosives above the area Cristi had mapped out where the Coont must be sleeping in the cellar and any of the other passageways which he’d seen.

When it was all ready, they’d blow the ceilings out and the door to the cellar and let the daylight flood in from above. After that, they’d drop down and kill the Coont and whoever was left with his new sword. Just like the man with the scars had with the guy with the ponytail. After that, they’d reverse in a truck they’d hire and drag the gold out as quick as they could before the man with scars came back. That’s if he would come back at all, because as legend had it, if the Coont died, he died with him. Hence the man with the scars need to keep the Coont fed and watered so to speak. Easy peasy, as they say.

Except it wasn’t easy, as neither of them had ever handled explosives before and where would they get them in the first place? Which meant they needed a partner and that partner Cristi had found earlier that day in the carpark of a demolition company on Annacis Island.

The guy’s name had been Bill. For those that knew, him though, it was Bullshit Bill or Billy Bullshit. Either way, he was a wanker, and was in no mood to talk to a couple of Eastern European immigrant Covid-19 carrying motherfuckers at that point in time, having just been fired and all. But as soon as Cristi had mentioned gold, he’d been all ears. Because, reality was, what else was he going to do for the rest of the day except go to the titty bar and drink?

The guys he’d just been working for were fucking idiots, and he’d just told his punk kid boss exactly that. Hence the firing. Complete fucking idiots. Then he’d told the Lupei boys the same thing out in the carpark as he stood next to his Ford F150 truck and waved his nicotine-stained fingers around and spat out tiny droplets of spit onto the boys’ clothes.

“Yeah, what the fuck did these fucking morons know?”

He’d spend the last thirty years mining gold, silver, copper, blown this up, blown the fuck out of that, mines, pits, houses, tanks, mansions, whatever. The middle-aged man blowing his way from one job to the next, until the only place left was the firm that owned the carpark where he now stood, and with his big mouth and attitude, he’d blown that job as well.

This, though, was different. Vampires and slaves, who were as old as the hills, who kept gold in the basement of a mansion in some mysterious location close to the city. Gold, of which his cut would be 20%, as the kids would do the vampire killing.

It sounded like something out of some Goddamn fucking movie. But he knew things could get strange out there and you had to be open-minded like he was in life. Instead of narrow-minded like his brother, who hadn’t listened to his warnings and had gone and gotten himself killed by Sasquatch like he did.

So all the boys had to do now was wait for Bill—or Billy Dynamite as he’d named himself this time around—to come over to their motel on Kingsway so they could formulate their plan for the next day. Then they’d be on their way. But the big problem was, Bullshit Bill was already at the mansion.

************

It hadn’t taken Bullshit Bill long to find the place after the young boys from fuck-knows-where had slowly given out all the details bit by bit, until he’d worked out the mansion laden with gold and full of blood-sucking vampires with a forest at the back and a large drive at the front was on the North shore. Then, with a quick trip to the library where he’d stank up the place with his oily clothes and greasy fingers, he’d searched the maps on a public computer and come straight out half an hour later with the address for Igor’s mansion.

These kids who were waiting for him back at their shithole motel so as they could work on the plan were maybe not the idiot dreamers he had taken them for. As from what he could see, as he’d waited outside, they were right on track. So far, the boys had been correct, with the woman screaming and crashing the Range Rover out of the driveway and the hot chick in leather he kind of recognized who’d chased after her. Followed by the guy with the wellies who seemed to float. Things were getting interesting.

If there was truly such a thing as vampires, he’d just seen two. As the woman with no shoes and a short dress who needed to learn how to drive had obviously just discovered also. Not that anyone would believe him if he’d told them. Just like they didn’t believe him about his brother, or that he’d killed a Grizzly with just a hunting knife and a cougar with his teeth.

The vampires, if that’s what they were, had gone out. So, what he needed to do was go in. It was simple. There would be no need to make a scene and blow up a nice place like this. Not that he could though if he’d wanted to, having no dynamite. He just needed to treat it like one of his house removal jobs he’d done back in the day, before he got his explosives ticket.

He moved from the trees to the side of the house and found the open backdoor to the kitchen that the kids had talked of. Picking up a bacon sandwich from a plate, he moved on into the house. There was someone in there also whom he could hear talking loudly. Some guy on his phone going off to whoever would listen about his car being stolen and smashed up by some skinny hooker.

Passing him, he found the foyer and some guy’s head, Bullshit Bill looking down at it as he stuffed the rest of the sandwich in his chops. Then Bullshit moved on, under some stupid over the-top glass lamps and along a corridor until he found the door the boys had spoken about.

Slowly he opened it up, hearing every creak and metal clink as he did. The smell of the bodies hitting him hard and letting him know he was at the right place. Gently he moved down the stairs and for the first time in his life, felt the hairs on the back of his neck truly stand up. He reached the bottom and pulled out his flashlight and looked around. The bodies were there, one with no head, cracks dug out of the ceiling, but no vampires. He took a right and walked to the end of the passageway in a darkness that reminded him of his days working the mines until they’d fired him. He stopped, looking at the antechamber at the end, shining his flashlight about and catching the Coont’s ironwood coffin sitting in center place with its lid on.

Turning, he walked back, seeing the light of the foyer streaming down the stairs in the far distance. Reaching it, he stopped to listen. There was no sound, just him, his breathing, his heart. He moved on, stepping over the dead bodies just like he had told people he had when he was a mercenary, fighting with the Kurds in Syria and against Wagner’s men in the Ukraine.

He found the other passageway and carried on with his flashlight leading the way. Its beam scraped along the old stone walls. Finding the door, he opened it. The chests inside, just as the kid had said. As was the kid’s phone as he’d said, and the gold bars and coins inside covered by dust and cobwebs. Jesus Christ almighty, that was a lot of gold, he thought as he stared at the precious metal, now matte and dull from the years of neglect. Having worked the mines and seen what was produced by a team of workers over a day, this was just huge. Fuck! He had horseshoes up his ass, he thought. Where would he have been tonight had he not have worn his new jeans to work, then told his foreman to go fuck himself for making him do something that got his knees dirty?

Lifting as many gold bars and coins as he could, he filled the pockets of his jacket and his new lucky jeans. What I need to do, he thought, as he made his way back down the passageway and over the two bodies, was to get my big bag and fill it as best I can. Then stash the bounty just outside and come back and do it again. If the guy on the phone came out, he’d have to outmaneuver him and put him to sleep with a chokehold he’d invented years before when he’d worked in Port Alberni.

He reached the top of the stairs and crept along the foyer’s corridor. Whoever it was on the phone was still talking the same shit as he had earlier. Stopping at the front door, he looked to Ray Raye’s head on the floor and wondered if it once went with the body down below. High chance it had, he thought, as he gave the front door a go and snuck outside.

Now all he needed to do was get past the cabbie out there waiting, and he’d be okay.

Moving quietly, he passed the back of the cab, hearing the bullshit chanting that came from within. Then he ran as quickly as he could along the wall. He hit the smashed-up gate and coughed his guts out, then ran the next five hundred feet uphill to his truck.

Reaching it, he leaned in, resting the top of his head on the rear panel above the wheel. With his hands flat above him, he pushed firmly into the truck’s rear canopy top. Fuck, I’m out of shape. He could feel the red-hot pokers inside his lungs as they burnt. He coughed, bringing up a big chunk of something mixed with blood that shouldn’t have been there and spat it onto the tarmac.

It wasn’t going to work. Not running up and down here with all that gold, he thought, no fucking way. He’d be dead before he had the chance to show it off. What he needed to do was get the truck down there. Park it where the Range Rover had been. Load it quickly and get the fuck out of town.

He walked around and opened the front door, threw all the gold he’d run up the hill with onto the passenger side seat, and jumped in. Starting the truck up, he turned around and coasted in neutral back down the hill until he reached the gate.

Nothing had changed - the taxi was still there, and the front door was still ajar. Fuck it. He’d do it, go right down and be done in less than ten minutes, fifteen tops. And if that guy, whoever he was, stopped giving it on the phone, then it was simple - and Port Alberni chokehold time.

With a little run up, Bullshit Bill took his truck through the entranceway with its smashed front gate giving it enough speed, cut the engine, and coasted all the way down and parked up hidden in amongst the trees at the side of the mansion. Leaving the nose of the truck pointing unseen towards the drive and giving himself enough room to escape quickly if need be.

Grabbing the biggest bag he could, he got out and closed the door quietly and snuck back down to the cellar. Hearing Max still on his phone, still jawing it up about his car on the way as predicted. Stepping back over the bodies, he made it to the antechamber laden with gold, and taking just the gold bars first, he began to load up.

Three minute later, he was back up top, quietly lifting the heavy bag laden with gold and placing it down on the rear truck bed. Pulling each bar out one at a time, he began to stack them quickly in a crisscrossed formation. A minute later, he was back down below, and three minutes later, he was back up again, laying out some more. Then again and again, until all that was left below in the chests were the coins now laying spilled at the bottom of the crates.

Bullshit Bill stared at the gold stacked up in the back of his truck. Jesus fuck mother Mary, it was a crazy amount, he thought. What he’d need to do was go buy a small piece of land up country near Quesnel, then tell everyone he was opening a mine. He’d dig a deep fucking hole, with just a shovel and pickaxe, just like those tough prospecting fucks used to do. Then he’d melt this shit down and pretend he’d dug it all up himself. Produce his own bars with Big Bill stamped into their tops. Then every one of his old bosses who had told him he was a loser would hear about how he was now worth hundreds of millions, and they could all just go cunt off.

He opened the bag and began to pull out the bars, then stopped. What was the point? There was no need to unpack this haul. All he needed now was the coins. He could fill every pocket he had with the coins, and he would be done. It would be a clean sweep. A jalopy? A good night’s work. Three minutes tops, and he’d be on his way. Locking up the truck front and back, he moved quickly back to the mansion, through the foyer, and back down into the cellar.

He reached the chest, the area and the smell completely familiar to him. Scooping up a handful of coins, he began to fill up one pocket at a time. Squeezing the coins into every top pocket, side pocket, inside pocket and trouser pocket he had, until there was no room for any more, he stared at the bottom of the chest. There was about fifty left, give or take a couple, he estimated. He felt the dust particles tickle his nose. Fuck it, you should have brought the bag ... Put them in your socks, load your socks up, you idiot, he told himself in his head. Then he leaned in, reaching deep to the bottom of the chest, and with one scoop, he’d grabbed half. Leaning down, he felt the weight of his jacket pulling on him as he lifted his trouser leg, opened the top of his stinky winter socks, and dropped the coins down. He felt their cold metal on the thin skin of his ankle as gravity pulled them down, lodging them at the side of his boot alongside his heel. He grabbed the rest and did the same with his left leg, saying to himself the old words his father used to say to him before he’d left the family for that stripper when he was a boy,

“If a job’s worth doing ...”

Then as he stood, feeling the evil presence behind him as every hair moved swiftly to attention and his stomach turned a somersault inside. Fuck, what did I do? he thought. I had it, you could have gone, you fool. Hoping it was just his mind, just the adrenaline of the heist wearing off after emptying the trunk. He stared at his flashlight, wedged at the top of the trunk next to the now dead phone, its beam crashing into its lid. Slowly, he began to turn and in the dim light, he saw behind him, the Coont with his white skin and red eyes, standing silently by the door.


