


CHAPTER TWENTY

Carol’s roommates made it across the bridge without distraction. The water below looking ominous as the tide shifted, pulling the water in the harbor back out into the Strait of Georgia. They were closer now to their vampire master, whom they had never seen, but could now sense.

The thirst, though, was strong, and none of the young women and the young man who accompanied them had yet to feed. They reached Park Royal and continued west towards Ambleside, passing the sports fields with their stadium lights glowing bright. The Coont’s presence and aura calling to them, summoning them to their new God.

They reached Ambleside village, quiet now, bar the odd car that passed through and a couple of noisy dwarfs who were trespassing on the chairs of a coffee shop now closed. The little dwarf men whooping and hollering as they waved at the girls as if they’d seen a prize steer at the rodeo. Both boys pulling their cowboy hats from their heads and calling to them with gibberish-sounding words which ended in ‘baby’ as the group passed them by.

Both boys were vampires also - the roommates knew this without a doubt. As were the skate boarders and the two homeless men who pushed their trolleys along not too far behind them. They were thirsty also and they all needed blood. By the time they’d reached the next block, they had formed as a group. The mixed stench of sweat and urine drifting off the skin and clothes of both Father Christmas and the man he’d just killed irrelevant now to the group of girls who had once felt revulsed as they’d passed by doorways, smelling the odor of these same men or men alike, lost in a cycle of despair.

As though a beacon was flashing, the group found 21st Street that headed straight up the road following the slope of the mountain. And just as Carol days before had felt the pull become stronger with every step, so did they. This mixed group now together - whose paths in their previous lives would never have crossed. Lives that had now been cut short, directly and indirectly by a monster who’d been allowed to rise from the grave via a Romanian boy’s bravado, when he should have been left to sleep.

************

By the time they had reached the mansion there was another car sitting in the driveway along with the taxi and the pickup truck nestled away, hidden in the trees.

This time it was a big flashy red AMG Mercedes coupe designed to fly at 279 kph, but had never been past half that. It’s owner there at the invitation of Max, who had, via a group text, given out the mansion’s address like a worm on a hook. Telling anyone he knew who were already ruining their lives with drugs and willing to take the bait that this vampire’s new lair was the place to be.

And come they had. The first arriving in his flashy suit, looking like a million dollars and wishing to get high as a kite and maybe a blow job if he was lucky from the sex goddess in leather who’d greeted him at the door. The stockbroker who kept the panties of the women he’d fucked in his red AMG Mercedes coupe’s center consul sizing up the property for a possible big broker commission, ignoring the head of some guy who looked like Lemmy on the floor when he’d stepped inside. The guy looking up instead at the lavish chandeliers, and already in his mind placing them in the glossy brochure he printed monthly and kept on the coffee table at his sharp office downtown.

He looked to the strange guy dressed as Dracula and the crackhead hookers with short skirts and scabby legs sitting in the living room.

Before he could mention a word about being there to see his friend Max, or ask the guy in fancy dress whether he’d be interested in exploring the vast financial opportunities which could be gained in investing with his company in tech stock, the Coont had bit him and screamed out, as he’d sampled the man’s blood, and spat it out onto the foyer’s marble floor.

“Bringeth me thou maidens whom hath blood of nectar!”

Passing the man off in disgust, Queen Josephine, quickly pounced, feeding upon the man, killing him with her ravenous hunger.

Then others had slowly arrived in cars which were now stacked up along the driveway. Cars full of party people. Young and old, all mixing together with the drug-addicted hookers and vampires. All ignoring the obvious danger signs as they gorged themselves on the free drugs, whilst their strange new residents, the young, the derelict and the two dwarfs, gorged on them.

************

The Lupei boys cruised past the mansion. Judging by the number of cars that now filled the driveway, there was some sort of function going on at the mansion. All pissed off, Cristi said,

“I don’t see that Bill guy’s truck here. I don’t think he believed us.”

Sorin didn’t answer. He hadn’t particularly liked the idea of blowing the place up in the first place, but apart from going into the tunnels during the day, he could not come up with a better plan. Cristi was right, though. Chances were high Bill thought they were stupid and there were no Ford F150 trucks in the driveway or parked up in the small lane at the back. Taking a deep breath, Cristi said as he felt his hair with his hand,

“I bet he’s in there stealing it. Stealing our fucking gold. We should never have told him.”

Sorin leaned back in the seat of the rental car as he drove. Then taking his hands off the wheel, he said,

“Look, you didn’t give him the address. The guy probably just thought you were an idiot.”

“Me?” Cristi answered as he lowered the sun visor and checked his hair. “You were there as well. He could have worked it out from what we said. Why’d you tell him it was over here? You should have kept that quiet. Now he may have fucked us, and we’ll lose the lot.”

Having enough of the guy harping on about the gold all day, Sorin eventually said, “We’re here to kill a vampire, not a fucking heist, so tell me, what difference does it make?”

Cristi stayed quiet, then heard Sorin spit out,

“Besides, you’ve got some already!”

Yeah, I have some, Cristi thought, but it wasn’t enough, and there was more in that chest, and it was going to be his. Not some fucking greasy piece of shit with cigarette-stained fingers and fucked-up teeth. He stayed quiet for the moment as he looked out the window at the houses they were now passing and wondered if they knew they had a vampire as a neighbor. Then without looking around, he said into the window as he smelled the food they’d just eaten blow back at him,

“Yeah, you said.”

They came around again, using the same route as they had the last five times that evening. This time, though, Sorin slowed and stopped the car outside the now smashed gate. Staying silent, the two boys looked down the long driveway to the mansion with the cars lined up and the taxi sitting outside.

“The driver’s in that cab still,” Sorin said.

“Yeah, he was there the other day,” Cristi answered as he remembered seeing the man waving his head back and forth and worrying the man would see him scramble over the wall. He carried on,

“You’d think they’d kill him and eat him.”

Sorin looked to his cousin and smiled. “They don’t eat people, Cristi. They drink their blood. They’re not wolves or zombies.”

“It’s all the same shit.”

It wasn’t, thought Sorin, it was completely different. But from having spent the last week or so with the guy, he knew arguing the point was a waste of breath. Instead, he said,

“You never know; that explosive guy we met could have worked it out and is in there, except they killed him. I mean, he could have hardly found the place and got here in daylight hours. So maybe he went in after dark and got killed, same as Philippe?”

It was a possibility, they both knew that, and deep down Cristi hoped if the guy had found the place and was ripping them off, it was the case. He thought back to the body of his cousin, who he hardly knew rotting in the basement. Suddenly, feeling a chill run up his spine as the memory of that and everything else he’d seen whilst being inside that cellar floated through him.

Rechecking the car’s doors and windows to make sure they were all locked and safe inside, he asked,

“You know, what our uncles said about if we’re inside and they’re outside, then we’re safe as long as we don’t invite them in?”

“Yeah.”

“Well, do those same rules apply to a car?’’

“Maybe?” Sorin answered, as he thought about that one and looked to Cristi’s new stolen sword sitting hidden under a shirt alongside the car’s center consul. Then followed it up with,

“I’d rather not find out the hard way though.”

He pulled the car away. Both boys holding onto the mansion’s view for as long as they could. Both boys wondering if the other had the guts to go in there at night and join the party.

************

Without any sort of plan in place, they continued to circle the mansion in near silence. The boys stopping each time outside the gate until the fear inside had moved them on again. Taking their time due to the smashed cop car sitting alone at the end of the road. Eventually, another appearing next to it. The solitary policeman sitting in its driver’s seat, wondering what had happened as he tapped into his computer as though the outside world no longer existed. The boys waiting out of sight until both cars were gone and dawn came.

As the sun began to rise, skimming its rays across the chimney tops on the mansion’s roof, the Lupei boys drove the car around and waited in the road on the other side of the smashed gates. Cautious from habit, the boys opened the doors to the car and got out, then stood hidden behind the gate posts looking down the driveway still packed with cars.

“What about the scarred guy?”

Sorin asked as he looked through all the cars in the daylight for a gold Tesla.

Still holding his stolen sword, Cristi lifted it and gave it a couple of swings. The sword somehow passing its strength into him as it cut through what Sorin could only assume was the mental image Cristi had of the man with scars in his mind.

They drove the car then to the rear of the garden and parked it in the same spot they had on the days previous. The trees they’d used to scale the wall were still there unmoved and untouched from where they’d thrown them to the ground. Dropping their backpacks full of stakes, plus the sword into the garden, they followed them as the boys dropped down to the now flattened brush. Feeling the ground give as they landed in the soft vine-covered earth below with a thump. Five minutes later, they were back hidden by the trees and looking to the kitchen at the side of the house that was still missing a door.

This time the house seemed full, not surprising for the boys given the amount of cars in the drive. Waiting, they stared out across the garden at the crowd as it spilled out onto the patio. Sorin saying as he watched the men and women laughing whilst they chatted and drank from their champagne flutes,

“Isn’t it a little early for champagne?”

It was, the sun had not long come up, the day just starting.

“Maybe they’ve yet to go to bed,” Cristi answered without looking around. How many times as a kid growing up in Bucharest had he gone to bed with his parents whooping it up with friends and come down in the morning for breakfast to the same scene? Still looking straight ahead, he continued,

“You think they’re vampires?”

Sorin shrugged. “Could be, but if so, why are they out in the light?” Then he surprised himself as he said, “Let’s go in.”

They snuck across the garden and stood with their bags on their backs at the kitchen door. There was talking coming from within the kitchen. Tucking the sword behind his back, Cristi peeked inside. A woman in her twenties along with a man of the same age were leaned over the granite center counter, snorting lines of cocaine. With a quick look to Sorin, Cristi slipped into the mansion, followed by his cousin. Keeping in the light and with their senses on full alert, they passed through the kitchen and then onto the corridor and stopped at the entrance to a dark corridor which Cristi knew led to the foyer at the front of the mansion. Turning to his cousin and whispering he said,

“This takes us to the front.”

Taking comfort in the light bleeding through into the passageway’s end, they took a deep breath to subdue their fear. Then stepping into the passageway’s darkness they moved onwards. Taking a quick left at the passageways end, they stepped back into the light and smelled the stench of Ray Raye’s rotting head lying on the ground out in the mansion’s foyer.

Both of Napoleon’s chandeliers lay smashed on the blood-stained marble floor along with the grandfather clock. The ancient hand-cut crystals scattered around Ray Raye’s head caught in the bright light that drifted down from the windows above.

Cristi stared at the man’s head, remembering how he had looked just before the man with the scars had severed it with the sword he was now carrying. The flies buzzed around Ray Raye’s eye sockets, sitting on his lips and crawling in and out of his nose. Looking over to Sorin and nodding quietly, he said,

“Told you.”

They walked to the main door and feeling the glass crunch beneath their feet, tried it. It was locked. Then, as they looked towards the end of the foyer’s corridor which led to the cellar door, they simultaneously felt themselves jump as they heard a voice from behind.

“You the guys bringing back my Range Rover?”

************

The boys spun around to see Max standing in the middle of the now darkened living room. The guy turning his attention away from them briefly and looking back up at a stockbroker as he clung to the crevice he’d dug himself in the ceiling. The man with no interest now in tech stocks or the Dow Jones or increasing the pantie collection he kept in his car. His black eyes looking down upon the drug dealer who wanted the keys to his fancy red AMG Mercedes. Max, moving back and forward, treading the stale food into the carpet as he spoke up at him.

“Listen, man, just give me the keys to the Merc, for fuck’s sake. It’s not like you’re going to be driving the fucking thing.”

The newly turned vampire letting the drug dealer know via his snarl that the keys were staying in his pocket. In frustration, Max threw his arms into the air and turned back to the two boys. Again he shouted out,

“So you guys got my ride or what?”

Max moved towards them and stood in the light from the foyer windows with his back to the now strangely murky living room. He carried on, saying,

“How bad that bitch smash it up?”

Cristi looked to the smashed chandeliers on the floor.

“Not as bad as that.”

Max’s laugh was more of a scoff as he also looked to the glass and blood on the marble along with Ray Raye’s head covered in flies buzzing all around it.

“Good,” he said. Then, pausing for a moment, he felt it necessary to add,

“that’s all fake, the blood and shit. We put rotten meat inside the head to get the smell and flies, you know, keeping it real, man. Did it for this theme party last night.”

Yeah right. Sorin thought as he looked to the guy standing there in his ripped jeans and new Nike’s, then to the glass all over the floor. Max carried on,

“Except for the chandelier’s, they’re real, some old French cunt’s. These little dwarf fuckers who were here thought they was at the circus and kept swinging on the things.”

And the two twins had been swinging and not just from the chandeliers. The boys with their newfound strength and confidence using their vampire charms to approach women and hit on them. Both showing off to their new coked-up girlfriends as they made the leap from the top landing towards Napoleon’s chandeliers, catching the bottom. Swinging their little legs as the metal chains’ hook and mount system took the strain. Shaking the fixtures to their limit as they swung towards each other like two clowns at the circus, until the chandeliers had come crashing down.

Looking at Cristi’s sword and then at the stakes sticking out of their backpacks, Max suddenly worked it out. Holy shit, it was all true, they really did exist. These kids were living, breathing vampire hunters, he thought. Smiling he asked, pointing to the sword,

“You know, those things don’t seem to have the same effect on me as they used to.” Then, with a nod towards the dark living room, he asked,

“You want some blow? Come on in, join the party. It’s free.”

The two boys stood there, not answering. Their faces saying it all - they didn’t want any.

Confused by the rejection, Max was about to carry on, when he heard Sorin ask.

“That guy with the scars, is he here?”

Max thought about that one, wondering if he was going to get lucky and have these kids do the dirty work for him and use the sword they were carrying to kill that stupid scarred prick. Replying and laughing as he shook his head, he answered,

“That guy, no, he’s gone. This is my place. Come on in, relax, there’s girls here.”

And the girls were certainly there as they could hear them somewhere in the darkness of the living room. Then the boys saw them, caught by the light from the foyer. The girls bitten but not yet turned, looking hot and sexy despite having yet to sleep. All of them standing there in their designer clothes as they faffed with their beautiful hair. Asking again, Max smiled as the girls gently signaled for the boys to come join them.

“Why don’t you boys come in and relax for a bit before you get yourselves back to where you’re supposed to be? Take a seat. I’m sure if you’re nice, the girls will blow you if you want.”

They didn’t want—in fact all they really wanted to do right now was leave, but deep down, they knew that if they did, they’d only be planning to come back again, so there was little point. They needed to somehow get the job done.

The boys stood there, both with their backpacks fastened tightly to their backs. Cristi with his sword still in his hand. Both knowing that with the sword they were safe from this guy they were talking to, and safe from whatever else was in the room. As long as they stayed in the daylight, that is, and away from any area made dark by thick curtains and painted out windows.

Staring beyond him into the living room, they allowed their eyes to adjust to the room’s dim light. This guy standing there in the daylight in his ripped jeans whilst young and old occupying the room behind him kept back in the darkness. The empty room they’d both seen only days before now full of what had to be vampires. Then they heard the hissing coming from the ceiling of the dark living room above the door. Looking up, they saw the demon Max had been shouting at as it crept along the ceiling towards them. The stockbroker still in his fancy suit staring back from a hidden crevice they’d watched him slip into. His eyes bright red from recently feeding, his skin pale and taut, his bony fingers made long by its nail-like talons.

The boys backed off and made for the front door only to find it just as locked as it had been moments before. They looked to the long bright corridor that ended with the door to the cellar where their cousin lay along with the torso of the man whose head was beside them now. They looked about. They had two options-go up the stairs or back the way they came. Slowly they made their way back across the glass-covered floor, passing Ray Raye’s head until they reached the door to the passageway which led to the kitchen. Opening it slowly, they peeked through at the light bleeding down from the reverse end just as it had for them when they’d arrived.

This time though, there was movement at the end, where the figure of a man could be seen waiting in the darkness. They stepped back and looked to Max, who still hadn’t moved and was simply smiling. Max said,

“Like I was saying, swords seem to have little effect on me these days.”

Ignoring him, they moved to the bottom of the stairs as the words of their grandfathers and all their dozy uncles circled around the boys’ heads. “Keep in the daylight - Keep in the daylight.”

They looked up to the landing. The light from the high foyer windows bathed the staircase and upper level. Slowly the boys began to move up the stairs one step at a time. Both watching back and forth from Max to the landing above. Cristi clenching Igor’s sword tight in both hands as Sorin held the stake he’d pulled from his backpack in both of his.

They reached the top of the stairs and looked down at the mess of the foyer and to Max as he stood away from the door, now in the full light of the foyer, staring up at them. If they carried on walking further away from him, they’d have to take one of the passageways that led away to the left or to the right. Both were dark, though and like the passageway below, there were people waiting in the shadows.

The Lupei boys were trapped.


