


CHAPTER TWENTY ONE

Having hardly left the small cottage by the water where the birds didn’t fly, Igor was finally ready. Spending every moment he’d had practicing and perfecting the musical pieces he was going to wow the classical music elite with.

Now all he needed to do was shower, put on his suit, and head up to the fantastic art center he’d built anonymously for the school. Then, he would sit on his stage and perform. If he was lucky, they’d all be there. Music critics and aficionado bloggers from all around the world. All there to hear the one remaining Stradivarius violin of its type left in the world being played by a newly discovered virtuoso.

It would be quite the achievement for the young lady who had by chance heard Igor playing violin on the beach. The man with scars lost in time as the music flowed while the young lady had sat quietly listening. The man with scars soon after agreeing to play for just her alone, so as she could hear his wonder and test the acoustics of the music center he himself had donated the millions to build.

Igor sitting there on the stage with his violin tucked beneath his chin making magic. Magic in the beauty of the sound he created, a magic that filled your senses and lifted one’s soul. A magic that took control, taking over whomever was lucky enough to hear the man who had been mastering the art for centuries on a priceless violin.

Feeling the sound drift off into the auditorium’s depths, the same woman had sat in the darkness, crying just as she had the first time she’d heard him play, standing after he had finished, showing herself first with her hidden applause, then secondly in person as she’d walked towards him with tear-stricken cheeks.

The young lady who called herself Mary, despite being christened Agnes, looking in awe to the man with the scars. The woman teaching music at the school after studying the same at university. Yet, never had she heard such wonder - not ever.

“You have to play more. The children needed to hear this,” she’d told him again, as the man who’d lived for centuries tried to leave.

“Not just the children, but the world needs to hear your magnificence. One more, please, please, please?” She’d asked over and over as she’d held her hands together.

“Please, oh please do. It would be so kind, not for me but for the children. Let them hear what I have heard. Let them feel as I just felt. They are here to learn, and from this, you can only inspire.”

And for the first time in his long, long life, Igor had played to children and the woman who’d stood there holding her phone secretly recording his magnificence in her long summer dress.

She’d sent the recording to one friend and from there the recording had spread. Crossing the world and captivating many who would never usually have shown interest. This man who was covered in scars. This huge man who looked like he had stepped straight off a medieval battlefield and somehow survived, playing the violin with such grace.

Then as word spread and as interest gained in this viral world we live in, some began to look further than the scars and the strong hands. As they studied not just the music he played, but what it was he playing it on, as well.

The violin, it was the first-ever Stradivarius. No, it was an Amati, they speculated. The music, it was a lost piece of work by Vivaldi or Valentini or Mozart, some said. Not that Igor had cared as he’d sat and read the comments below the small videos he’d watched. The man seeing his scars, remembering the battles from where they had come.

Then Mary had arrived unexpectedly at the mansion. Standing in the big doorway that faced the mountains at the bottom of the long drive lined with flowers teeming from terracotta pots. Young and innocent Mary with her blonde hair standing before him in her soft white summer dress staring at the magnificence of Igor’s chandeliers.

The young schoolteacher entering the mansion, settling her eyes, and losing herself in the beauty of the Monet hanging on the wall. The lady in the painting standing in the field on a summer’s day. The sky behind her so blue, brilliant white hanging clouds drifting through. A moment of wonder captured forever by a master unappreciated in his time.

“Sir ... sir, please?” she’d asked as she broke herself away from the painting.

“They have been asking if you’d play just one night, a full concert for the school. Will you do it?” she’d asked as Igor had looked down at her soft skin and wondered how the woman had found out where he lived.

“All the greats are asking. They want to come from afar to hear you play.”

The greats wanted to come to hear him play. This soldier, who had stood in battle with his long sword, which Cristi now carried. This warrior who’d fought for years and died in victory after killing so many. This hero, who was now a vampire’s slave. This being, who after death had carried on the battle on a different stage, killing so many more who had themselves become demons. The man with scars fighting his own silent war against evil until he had won and purged this iniquity from the people of the valley he’d once called home.

A valley filled of happiness, a valley hard of life, where its people once held in value morals and integrity. A valley which since time had been recorded, the Lupei family had called home, and into which Igor had been born.

“Yes,” Igor had said.

One night could not hurt, he’d thought as he’d stood there in the foyer wanting so to ask the young woman to stay and enjoy an afternoon with him. The man enjoying her smile, her perfumed hair. And she had stayed, and they had sat as Igor listened to the young woman’s life so far. Listened to her dreams and bathed in her innocence and happiness as he’d played for her. Yes, he’d play for her on the stage for one night, but it would be only for her, and anyone else who happened to be there could just listen.

************

And so, the time to perform had come. Bringing with it the butterflies that flew unendingly within Igor’s stomach. Igor the great, the warrior, the vampire hunter, the violinist, sat in the center of the stage that he’d paid for, after reaching into and removing a few dusty bars from a chest laden with gold that was now lying empty.

With the spotlight holding steady on him, he looked around the packed theatre. Finding Mary there front and center as she’d promised him she would be. Other teachers also along with their own children amongst others surrounding her. Men and women, some local, some from as far afield as Europe and Asia. All there having heard something brilliant, something that most could never differentiate between being simply just talent or pure mastery.

Igor smiled as he looked to the young Chinese boy who stared at his scars as young children unchanged throughout the centuries often had. He closed his eyes and felt his nerves calm, and the room grew silent as he gently lifted his violin and placed it under his chin.

He was here, he thought, as he wondered why it had taken him this long to allow an audience to hear him play. Taking a deep breath, he lifted his bow, and holding the strings, Igor hit the key of A and slowly pulled the bow across the strings of the Stradivarius. The same beautiful violin he’d bought in London not long after the great fire some 350 years before. Its sound warm and soft, now piercing through the skin of the lucky ones who’d travelled from far and wide to hear the instrument play a forgotten melody at the hands of a maestro who’d lived long ago and still lived now.

With his eyes closed, Igor played one piece and then another and then a third that the world was yet to hear. And as he opened his eyes again and sat looking out at the cameras as the audience cried, he remembered his time in Vienna. A time so long ago when he’d also cried as he sat privately listening to the pieces written solely for him as Vivaldi played.

The audience stood, and as they cheered, he felt the love and appreciation from the strangers that filled the room. A gratitude which can come only once you’ve reached someone’s soul.

Igor stood as he felt the love, smiling, and forgetting the Coont and his vampire queen whom he would soon kill as he bowed, violin in hand, before the lucky few that had heard what he now knew was his premier and his entrance into the world of the musical elite.

Then holding his ten-year-old boy’s hand, a teacher stepped forward, bowing in reverence as he brought his son onto the stage. The young Chinese boy taking a closer look, his eyes following the lines of Igor’s scars along with the lines carved into the ancient wood of the Stradivarius.

The boy standing there, looking up at the violin through the applause of the small select audience. The kid raising his hand high as he gestured his desire to hold the great instrument that was the closest thing that Igor had as a friend.

“Can he hold it?”

Igor heard the math teacher ask as he smiled to Igor then to his son. Igor looked to Mary and then to the math teacher and then to the boy. How long had it been since the instrument had been held by another person? he wondered, and then it dawned on him. It hadn’t. No one else had ever held the violin since he’d bought it centuries before.

Smiling and still feeling the love from the applause that was still going, he leaned down and placed the violin in the young boy’s hands. Positioning it correctly under the boy’s chin and placing the bow in his right hand, Igor stood back.

The boy stood silent for a moment, smiling as he stared out across the seats that rose up towards the ceiling. Hearing the applause, he looked to his father. Closing his eyes the boy relaxed and drew the bow across the strings.

Feeling the vibration reverberate through the violin, the boy began to play. The audience tapering off to silence as they heard the young kid then play from memory the same three musical pieces Igor had just spent the last three centuries perfecting.

Only the 10-year-old child who’d grown up in Beijing was better.

As the kid finished, the room went crazy. Aficionados from around the world jumped for joy. With their fists raised, men from Italy, France, and Austria rushed the stage, knocking Igor to the sidelines. Cheering, they lifted the boy high into the air. Screaming and calling out the words Igor himself deep down had so longed to hear. The boy was amazing, he was incredible, Wunderbar - Maravilloso -Merveilleux — Magnifico!

************

Igor walked away from the auditorium he had built for the school on the back of his subconscious dream that, one day, he’d go there and play himself. He reached the door, and as it closed, he wondered how the muffled cheering he heard could have been just for the young boy and not for him. It didn’t make sense. Yeah, the kid had played it well, but it hadn’t been anywhere as good as he’d played. But as he reached his car, the doubt had begun to set in.

Maybe I’m just not very good, Igor thought. The vampire’s slave now wondering if it was simply polite applause he’d heard after he’d finished playing. How could he have been so stupid to think he played any better than an amateur even if he had been practicing for six hundred years?

Igor reached his Tesla and got in. Staring at the brickwork of the auditorium that the gold he’d fought and killed demons for had bought. What a waste of effort, Goddamn it. All the practice, all the worry. All that time he’d wasted, for what? To be usurped by a kid.

Then just as he sat himself down into the driver’s seat of his gold Tesla, he remembered his violin. Goddamn it, he thought. He’d left it in the hands of that kid. Opening the door again, Igor climbed out. Then, he sat down again into the hard leather seat. What was he going to do? Go back in there and ask the kid for his violin as he stood there being applauded? Feel the embarrassment of these people who had crossed the world to hear him play as they stood there and gave out consolatory praise? No thanks. He’d get it later from Mary. He’d come back if need be.

************

He reached 21st Street, took a right, and headed straight up the hill towards the mansion. No doubt the Coont had been causing issues, and he’d have to now somehow avoid his wrath. But there was nothing new there. How often had it happened before? When the Coont had been free and wreaked havoc on the lands, Igor would disappear for a while after getting fed up with the vampire’s ways. Anyway, it was daylight still, so he’d have the rest of the day to relax. Maybe, he’d get that carpet sorted, and the rear door for that matter, and the blood on the sofa. What’s more, he’d burn those bodies that were in the cellar before they stunk the whole Goddamn mansion up.

************

Igor reached the top of the driveway, and seeing the smashed-out gates, he stopped the car. He stared at the buckled gates, each hanging by a single hinge. Then, he looked down the length of his driveway to the mansion in disbelief.

“Holy Mother of Jesus — What in God’s name has been going on?” he said out loud as he looked past the broken gates. The lines of cars that now filled both sides of the driveway had spilled out, leaving tire tracks on the lawn. Then he saw the shattered pots with the plants everywhere and the debris of two upended shopping carts laying close to the buckled garage door.

Igor moved forward, driving the gold Tesla as far as it would go along the drive. Then he steered the car onto the grass, hearing the broken terracotta pots crunch under the wheels as he did. He got out and walked across the grass towards his home. Reaching the front of the taxi, he looked down at Carol’s partial skeletal remains still laying in front of the vehicle, then to Hamza still sitting in the front seat. Walking to the driver’s door as he watched and listened to the Moroccan mumbling the Koran to himself as he rocked back and forth towards the windshield.

“What’s been going on?” Igor asked as he pulled on the door, opening it, the smell of piss and bacon now striking him as he did. He leaned down and looked in at Hamza. The bite marks on his neck now old. The man’s eyes now full of water and puffy, his face pale, his hair wet with sweat. The Koran open in his lap resting itself on a bed of greasy open bacon sandwiches half covering his piss-stained trousers.

He looked to the meter, which now read $6,302.10. Jesus, how long has he been sitting there? Igor wondered. Screaming in at him, he shouted,

“You need to eat!”

Standing, Igor then looked around at the mess, his gaze holding on the smashed garage doors, as he remembered how he’d spent a weekend putting them in himself, and just as long getting the clicker to work properly. He walked to the mansion’s front steps and climbing them, tried the front door only to find it locked.

Giving it a couple of shoves, he put his hand in his pocket, pulled out his keys, and patiently spun the keys as he felt the tumblers turn. Pushing it open, Igor stepped inside, feeling his feet crunch on the broken crystal and stood with his mouth open in shock at the mess all around him.

Almost as if he could not believe the chandeliers were the cause of the glass all over the floor, Igor looked at the ceiling to where they once hung. Then looking back down again, he saw the blood on the marble along with Ray Raye’s head. He looked to the walls, also splattered with blood and his grandfather clock in pieces. Then he turned his attention to Max as he nonchalantly leaned against the entrance to the living room, picking black paint from his fingers.

Leaving the front door wide open, he stepped forward to look beyond the drug dealer to the inside of his usually bright living room. There was a hole in the wall on one side and vampires clinging to the crevices dug out of the ceiling. Others stood around watching in the darkness as their red eyes picked up the light from the door.

He was about to speak when the Coont’s voice bellowed out from the cellar at the end of the hallway.

“Igor! Lupei! Cometh within. Kill them now!”

Igor turned and looked to the end of the corridor towards the direction of the Coont’s booming voice. With a ‘I’ll deal with you later’ look to Max, Igor turned away and hearing his feet crunch down on the crystal, began to walk towards the cellar.

Then Igor stopped and looked around. If those boys were here, they’d be in the light and not in the cellar. Unless they were on the cellar’s stairs. However, the door was closed and if that was the case, they would be in the dark and dead. He looked around, and at first, he could not see the Lupeis huddled low in the corner on the landing at the top of the stairs, but then he did.

Knowing they had been spotted, both the boys stood. Cristi brandishing Igor’s sword threateningly as he did. Igor twisted around, walked towards the stairs, and began to climb them. He saw the boys looking terrified as he approached. The man with scars delighted despite it all in finding his missing sword in Cristi’s hand. He looked to the useless dowel stake held by Sorin and then to their escape routes. Seeing the darkness, he then understood exactly why they had not run and were still standing open in the light. Leaving no room for debate, looking straight at Cristi, he said,

“Give me back my sword!”

Standing firm, Cristi felt the tiny spikes of the sword’s sharkskin handle dig into the palm of his hand as his grip tightened. Breathing hard, he looked to Sorin for support, then back to the man with the scars as he continued to approach up the stairs. Igor said it again,

“Give me the fucking sword.”

Fuck, the two Lupei boys both thought at the same time. They looked around for the possibility of an escape route they had somehow not seen as the man they had tormented, stabbed, and then tried to burn to death with oil only days before came closer.

“Give me the sword. I’ve got enough scars. I won’t hurt you.”

But the boys weren’t listening or giving up anything. They had one chance and that was for Cristi to cut this man down and make it to the door below that was now open. If the prick in the Nikes got in the way, he’d strike him down also.

Igor made it to the top of the stairs and stood facing Cristi and Sorin on the landing. He could see the silhouette of vampires in the passageway that led to the back of his mansion. He’d been gone just a few days and the place was already infested. Trying one last time and looking Cristi straight in the eye, he said,

“Give me back my sword. You have my word I will not hurt you.”

Then he waited as he watched the two boys with their backpacks laden with vampire-killing equipment. Suddenly pulling a crucifix from the inside of his jacket, Sorin held it to him in the hope that the Lord Jesus on the cross would somehow save them and repel the vampire slave.

Igor stood there and stared at the cross as the little Jesus hanging there looked back at him with his tiny beady plastic eyes.

“Sadly, those no longer work, my friend.”

Then with a sudden burst of desperate panic-induced energy, Cristi came at him swishing the sword fast across Igor’s face. The man with scars feeling the blade of his own sword whip past his nose once and then a second time as he dodged its deadly cut. He waited as Cristi swung again, then as he missed once more, timing a perfect move he had not used in hundreds of years, Igor reached out, stepped forward, and caught the boy’s sword hand with his own and twisting, slammed his back into Cristi’s body, knocking the wind out of him and relieving him of the sword.

Smacking the back of his head straight into the bridge of Cristi’s nose and with a swift hard kick to Sorin’s chest, both of the boys hit the floor and lay there along with their backpacks that were now hanging half off their bodies. Looking down at them and then to the sword’s blade, Igor asked in frustration,

“Why didn’t you just give it to me?”

Leaving the kids with their hands spread out in front of themselves, Igor was off. Back down the stairs, crunching the crystal glass to granite and buzzing the flies from Ray Raye’s head as he walked straight up to Max and stuck the sword hard, straight into the man’s chest.


