


CHAPTER TWENTY TWO

With the light slipping from the drug dealer’s eyes and ignoring the cries from the Coont demanding he kill the boys then come to him, Igor dragged Max’s body fully into the open, away from the darkness of the living room. Letting the man’s own weight remove himself from the sword, Igor let gravity take over as it pulled Max to the ground.

The Coont, it seemed, was not letting up and he could hear the venom in the vampire’s voice. Looking up at the boys as they watched terrified from above, Igor said,

“Leave while you can, or you shall die like your friend. You do not have the strength to kill the Master vampire.”

And with that, he left Max’s body on the ground and walked holding his sword towards the entranceway to the living room. Stopping, he looked up. Thrusting his sword towards the ceiling he brought down the boy who’d not so long ago been looking to get laid as he’d walked over to Carol’s place late in the evening, on the off chance one of her roommates was home.

Scratching out and snarling, the boy waved and kicked as the blood ran from his gut wound. Stepping into the darkness quickly, Igor reached down, grabbing the boy’s foot, twisted it, spinning the flailing vampire onto its stomach. With two precise tugs of the boy’s leg, Igor dragged the kid feet-first out into the lobby and with a elegance of a figure skater in a doubles training session at the Detroit arena, he gave a 180 degree twist of his own body, swinging the boy out in an arc. Letting go, the boy spun as his body skated across the glass-covered marble floor with all the drama and flair that would earn straight tens in an ice dance final.

The boy scrambled to his feet, panicked by the sudden feeling of burning light on his skin. The countless days he’d spent on the beach, loving life and basking in the sun in his mortal life, long forgotten. Snarling, he stared at Igor who was between him and guarding the safety of darkness with his sword. Panicking, he looked up the stairs to the darkness of the passageways on the upper landing, but two kids around his own age were there holding wooden stakes at the top of the stairs.

He needed to move quickly. He felt the searing pain as the exposure to the daylight began to burn through his tightening skin. If he tried to get to the darkness he could see up the stairs, he’d need to fight the two kids. Chances were high that, even if he did win, he’d be burnt to a crisp regardless. He needed to get back to the darkness fast, and like a rat trapped in the corner, he ran without regard for Igor or for the sword he wielded. His feet digging hard into the broken glass as he did. Darkness was what he needed.

Stepping to one side to let the vampire pass, Igor waited the millisecond he needed, and with his sword to the young vampire’s waist, he spun his body and cut through the kid’s body with a fluid two-handed swing, sending the young man crashing to the floor.

Igor stared at the vampire’s body, now cleaved in two as it lay at his feet. What a waste of a young life, he thought as he watched the young boy’s flesh slowly burn away in the daylight. He looked to the kids still standing at the top of the stairs with their mouths open as the vampire’s black blood turned to ash as it dripped from his sword. Calling up to them, Igor said,

“I’ve had a bit of an upsetting day, so like I said, you boys need to leave. I’m not in a good mood, and things are about to get messy.”

Then without another word, he turned and, holding his sword in both hands, began to walk into the darkness of the room.

But the Lupei boys weren’t going anywhere.

************

Igor stepped into the living room where he’d spent the last hundred and fifty years or so relaxing peacefully as he’d played his violin. The windows now blacked out with the paint he was going to use to redo the floor in the garage. From what he could see, whoever had done the work had not worried about covering the window frames, let alone the carpet.

He took a deep breath as he looked about. Apart from the carpet, there was now the smashed wall and crevices dug up into the high ceiling. Judging by the number of red eyes that were catching the light from the lobby, the crevices were loaded with vampires of all shapes and sizes. He’d have to get someone in to scrape the paint off the windows and order a new carpet. As for the wall and the ceiling, that was a complete rebuild and plaster. It was annoying, very annoying, in fact, and it was all he needed right now after the disappointment he’d felt this morning at the school.

From what Igor could see, around thirty people were milling about in the darkness of the room. That did not include those hiding in the upper corners or dug into his ceiling. Most waited around chatting, staying close to the mountain of cocaine on his glass-topped coffee table he’d had delivered from Italy back in the sixties. All lingering nonchalantly, it seemed, for their turn to kneel down and carve out a line or two.

The vampires in the crevices or clinging to the ceiling he knew would not see the next moon even if he had to smash his own windows in the process. The others who were still human still needed to be singled out. This strange social circle of young and old mingling and held together by their incessant need for Max’s South American marching powder. Everyone enjoying the party despite the evil surrounding them and the fact they’d just witnessed Igor killing two people in the lobby.

Then as the two girls arrived back from the kitchen, giving just a cursory glance to the man standing in the doorway, holding his mighty sword, Igor shouted out loud,

“If any of you want to live, walk out now into the daylight and leave. Anyone who stays in the dark, I’m going to kill.”

He looked around at the people looking back at him. Businessmen, hookers, trophy wives, street people, some guy who looked like Father Christmas, another guy who looked like he worked the mines.

He’d seen it all before centuries ago, and nothing it seemed had changed. The only difference now were the clothes. Humans who’d turned, some from good to bad, others who simply went from bad to worse. Their features no different than that of their forebearers centuries before. Each still had skin that was slowly being stretched out like old wet leather left in the sun.

With some though the process in turning came slower and for a day or so a few, as with the recently decapitated Ray Raye, could even tolerate daylight. However, for most, like the ones clinging to the ceiling and the boy whose severed body now lay skeletal and ashen in the lobby, it came lightning fast. One thing he knew for sure was that once they had changed, and they’d found their Masters lair, they never left. Even those who could still tolerate daylight for a period always stayed and fought.

Now though, no one seemed interested in what he’d had to say. Max’s cocaine having it seemed a stronger pull than even the threat of death. Some had looked to him and then further to the lobby. But like an English pub at closing time, they weren’t taking things seriously, despite the sword. In a voice that left no uncertainty as to the seriousness of his intentions, Igor said again,

“I’ll count to ten. Anyone still in the room after, gets cut in half.”

That did it. Those that were still human began to look for the light of day and began to slowly leave, seemingly unable to hit the door without stopping for one last swipe at the table.

Igor watched and waited as the cokeheads swarmed the table. Unable to take it a moment longer, he stepped forward, grabbed a man by the scruff of his shirt neck, and threw him to the side. With one swift kick, he caught the side of the table and turned it over, breaking it in two, sending a shower of cocaine dust into the air and all over the floor.

Goddamn it, Igor thought as he stepped back and saw the tabletop smashed in half on the floor. Why didn’t you just wait and keep your cool? he asked himself as he looked around at the people who’d stayed behind. It was obvious they had no intention of heading into the light. The vampires eying him up first with their sinister stares before looking to the sword he brandished.

He now had what he wished for. All the coked-out mortals were gone, stepping out of the dark vampire-infested room into the daylight. Some going straight back to the lives they’d been lucky to keep. Each carrying a tale about a crazy party they’d been to that no one would ever believe. Others waiting in the safety of daylight to watch what was about to unfold and perhaps score some more of the freebies the dead drug dealer had put on offer.

Slowly leaving only a gap where the daylight bled into the room, the vampires began to circle as Igor stood fast with his sword at the ready. The vampires looking strong as they snarled and spat, clawing at the air as they moved in for the kill. Then they came at him as Igor waited and letting his muscle memory and killing instinct take over, timed his swings to perfection.

It was Carmen he struck first, this poor woman who loved her kids and should never have been at the party. Poor Carmen who’d let an old school friend drag her down. This timeworn friend who’d appeared uninvited at her family home the evening before and sat with her drinking red wine into the late evening whilst Carmen’s husband and children slept. The two of them then doing the friend’s coke for old time’s sake and then more in Igor’s messed up living room after Max invited them both to a party.

Carmen and her friend from school sitting on the blood-stained sofa as the friend chose to talk only about herself and how her husband had ’killed her’ after he’d walked away from the life of misery she’d set upon him. The same friend dying once more as the Coont appeared before her and drained the blood from her body. Then once again, as Igor’s blade had passed through her midriff on its back swing after first severing in two poor Carmen who should have been home with her family.

Igor stood back and looked to the others who stared, waiting for their chance to attack without a thought for the two women who had just fallen. Then another vampire came screaming and spitting with his arms flailing in the nice suit his wife had been telling him needed a clean. The man who’d managed to keep his drug habit secret for so long coming from Igor’s blindside. Quickly Igor spun, twisting his sword, cutting through the suit, and slicing into the man’s chest.

With his own taste for the blood of the undead, Igor started swinging, cutting through the bodies, severing limbs, heads, and torsos. Showing off his might as the vampires fell at his feet one by one until all that was left were those that had taken to the ceiling to escape the carnage.

With the stench of the vampires’ blackened blood choking him, Igor stopped and took a deep breath from the air that drifted in from the foyer. From what he could see, there was just a handful left clinging now to the plasterwork and beams of the ceiling for safety. He felt his arm and looked to the gash he now sported across his right bicep.

Goddamn it, he thought, it was deep and would scar. He looked around and saw the man who’d caused the damage with his sharp claw-like fingers as he now clung to the ceiling with his long white hair, his beard, and piss-stained trousers. His eyes more alive than they’d been in a long time. His limbs once again strong. Lifting his sword, Igor took a step towards the man who no longer felt the pain and indignity he had for so long.

The vampire looking down upon him for a moment, then as soon as Igor raised his long sword again, the man who’d spent the last ten years of his life on the streets but still enjoyed Christmas was off, clawing his way across the ceiling with his hands and feet until he’d found the furthest corner of the room.

Turning his attention to the next crevice dug into his ceiling above his broken coffee table, Igor stabbed up and brought another vampire down. The man landing with a thud on the sheet of thick, upturned broken glass which dug deep into the vampire’s chest. Then Igor moved on, stabbing up and slicing through each of the vampires, cutting them down in one power-driven upward swoop of his sword as they fell. Until all that was left was Father Christmas hiding in the ceiling on the far corner of the room.

Moving with purpose, Igor reached the man and looked up, then just as the man who had lost his world so many years ago to drink began to drop himself down to the ground to fight, Igor stepping forward and thrusting his sword through the man’s chest before holding him at arm’s length. Marching him as he held the vampire up on the tip of his toes, marching towards the light. Waiting a moment, he looked into the watery eyes of Father Christmas as he looked back at him. Memories of Christmases long ago drifting through Igor’s mind. Christmases with women he’d loved but not forgotten, women now long gone from this world.

Kicking him off his sword, Igor sent the man spinning to the glass-laden floor of the foyer and as he did, he wondered what demons may await the unfortunate man as he watched him die amongst the rest as his skin began to peel.

************

Sorin and Cristi stood in disbelief amongst a small crowd of others who’d stayed to watch as the skin of the man with piss-stained trousers bubbled in the daylight and turned to dust. Looking straight at them both and breathing heavy, Igor said again,

“You need to leave.”

Taking it that the man with the scars and the sword who’d just cut his way through an entire mixed vampire football team was talking to them, the rest of the partiers looked to the floor and left. Seeing the boys still there, Igor asked them,

“You want to die, is that it?”

Then piping up, Sorin said, “We can’t go home until the Coont is dead.”

Being that they were Lupei, they’d know that was never going to happen. Calling their bluff, Igor pointed towards the cellar. The Coont bellowing from below, demanding his slave to kill them both in a language, although old, they could still understand. Handing his sword back to Cristi, he said to them both,

“He’s in the cellar. Go kill him then!”

“You kill him,” Cristi snapped back, refusing to take the sword.

Igor laughed. That was never going to happen. Not a chance, he thought. With a false smile which shone through his blood-soaked face, he said as he reached out, forcing the sword into the boy’s hand,

“You came all this way to let someone else take the glory?”

The boys looked at each other, then to the sword covered in black blood as they listened to the man with the scars. The voice of the Master vampire screaming out from below. What the fuck was this? It had to be a trap. But if the man with scars was going to kill them, then they’d already be dead. Just as they were about to speak, Igor turned and walked back into the living room. Picking up one foot each of two of the vampires he’d just cut to pieces with his sword, he dragged them both out into the lobby and straight out the front door.

Walking back in as he passed the boys, he said,

“When you’re done, throw the Coont on the pile. You’ll find there’s less of a mess if you leave them for the elements.”

Then they watched the man who’d they’d covered in oil and tried to burn to death only days before as he walked back into the blackness of the living room. Disappearing for a moment before the doors to the deck opened, flooding the room with light and silhouetting Igor as he walked back and dragged one by one the rest of the vampires onto the deck.

Doing his best to ignore the mess, Igor walked back to the foyer. The circulating breeze picking up the first of the vampires as they turned to ash, sending them swirling up in circular plumes out into the garden below.

Reaching the boys as they watched, he said,

“It’ll be good for the roses.” Before carrying on with,

“You freed him—go kill him, while I clean up the mess you’ve caused in the first place.”

He then pointed to the two corridors at the top of the landing and continued,

“If you’re vampire hunters, go up there and bag a couple first. I need to clean house before the sun sets.” Cristi and Sorin stared up at the uninviting darkness of the corridors as they both listened as Igor continued.

“Keep in mind the Coont will be ten times the strength and speed of any you meet up there.”

The boys looked at each other. They’d come halfway around the world to kill vampires. Now, they were in a house full of them, and it was daytime. But the problem was twofold. They could end up being held down, drained of blood and become vampires themselves, only to be cut to pieces and thrown on the dust pile by this road map headed warrior who now wore comfortable shoes.

“If you can’t, then leave,” Igor said as he pointed to the door and heard the Coont’s voice bellow out again in frustration from below.

As he held the sword which he’d thought was his in the air, feeling its weight and balance again, Cristi said,

“Fuck it, let’s do it.”

Looking wild-eyed to his cousin, he stepped over Max’s body, crunched his way across the glass, and headed up the stairs.

This was it, he thought, fuck it. He could use the sword the same as the man with scars had. He could just hack and slash his way through any vampire which came his way. How could he go back and play the big shot and dine out on his adventures if he knew all he’d done was burn down a bathroom and run terrified from a demon after seeing it?

Cristi reached the landing and stopped at the entrance to the darkened corridor. There was someone there standing in the gloom about halfway down, silhouetted by the light bleeding in at the other end of the corridor. He looked up into the darkness of the ceiling. There were no crevices with clinging demons waiting to pounce. Taking a deep breath and in a silent request for his cousin to come back him up, he looked behind him to below where Sorin was still standing.

Cautiously with Igor’s sword held before him, Cristi stepped into the corridor one foot at a time. Edging his way along, he felt the light from behind slowly disappear. With his heart thumping, he reached a third of the way along the corridor towards the lone figure as it stood still in the darkness. Then seeing the figure shift, he heard it say,

“Hey buddy, we gonna go steal this fucking gold or what?”

Fuck, shit, thought Cristi as he stopped in his tracks and felt his stomach turn a complete three-sixty. It had to be that explosives guy. What the fuck was he doing up here? Still unable to see the man’s face, the man said,

“Where you been, man? I’ve been waiting up here for you. Let’s go rob this fucking place.”

Fuck! Cristi thought again, happy now that Igor hadn’t come up here with him and heard what the prick was saying. Cristi said back in almost a whisper,

“We were supposed to meet up?”

“Fuck, man, I waited. Where were you? Why’d you leave me out? I found the fucking place on my own, then came in from round back. Parked up next to your rental out behind that wall back there. Put the sword down, dude, and let’s go blow the fuck out of this place like we said. Let’s grab some fucking gold, dude.”

Cristi waited, thinking about it. From what he could remember, they’d never told the man where they parked when they came here. So how would he have known they parked where they did? Unless he’d followed them. Which is what he must have done. Slowly, Bullshit Bill began to walk forward in the darkness. Still holding the sword up and towards the man, Cristi took a step back. Bullshit Bill saying as he moved with him,

“I thought that scarred-up vigilante was on the kill sheet? You should have stuck him soon as he gave you that sword, man.”

Bullshit Bill came towards Cristi as the young Lupei boy slowly walked backwards, until the light from the outside caught the man’s face. Cristi then stopped and stared at the man as he stood in the light. His skin weathered and wrinkly, his eyes all watery and red. Just as they had been when they’d met him in the carpark and tried to recruit him with their plans. Looking beyond Cristi for a moment to the top of the stairs, Bullshit Bill said as he looked back and made eye contact again,

“Put that sword down, man. What? You think I’m like one of those fucking vampires you’ve been going on about?”

Cristi saw the figure of a woman appear at the other end of the corridor behind Bill. It started to creep towards them both, slowly coming closer and closer until it stood in the darkness at the edge of the light. Then he watched as it moved to the side of the corridor, and on all fours, began to crawl along the wall, around the light, and up into the darkness on the ceiling, right in front of where he and Billy were standing. Bullshit Bill said,

“Fuck man, let’s go get this fucking gold, dude.”

Then out of nowhere, Sorin appeared from around the corner of the entrance. Rushing past Cristi, he stabbed Bullshit Bill with all his might straight in the chest with one of his homemade stakes.

Not believing what had just happened, Bullshit Bill fell back into the darkness as Sorin went with him, sending the sharpened cheap wooden dowel further into the man’s flesh with his weight as he crashed to the floor.

As soon as he was out of the light, the vampire above him dropped down, landing on Sorin’s back, and began slashing away with its strong nails and biting with its fangs. Letting go of the stake, Sorin spun around, shaking the vampire from his back and knocking it to the ground. Quickly pulling the stake from Bullshit’s chest, he raised it high, thrust it past the vampire’s flailing arms, and stuck it deep into its heart. Holding it there, Sorin leaned upon the stake, ignoring the vampire’s hands as it clawed out, leaving deep scratches along his face and head until the vampire went still.

Quickly Sorin stood and looked to Cristi, the kid just standing there, doing nothing, except holding Igor’s sword.

“What the fuck were you doing?” he asked as he watched Cristi nervously playing with his hair with his free hand. Still in shock, Cristi pointed to Bullshit Bill lying dead on the floor next to the vampire.

“I was talking to the dynamite guy - you’ve fucking killed him?”

Sorin looked to Bullshit Bill lying dead. He felt the cuts on his face and then looked at the blood on his fingers. Panicking, he asked,

“Did that fucking woman bite me?”

She had. Cristi could see the fang marks on the side of his cousin’s face where he’d been caught. Lying, he said, “I don’t think so.” Then carried on, repeating himself,

“You fucking killed the fucking explosives guy!”

Sorin shrugged, then said, “Well, he shouldn’t have been hiding in the dark. Anyway, how do you know he wasn’t one of them?”

“Look at his teeth,” Cristi quickly answered as they both looked down to Bullshit’s wide-open mouth and his brown, broken teeth within.

“Those fuckers are blunt.”

Leaning down, Sorin grabbed the vampire’s foot. Just as he’d seen Igor do it, he began to pull the vampire woman out, her dress riding up as she dragged along the hardwood floor into the daylight. Feeling the weight of the dead vampire, he stopped at the passageway entrance. With an appreciation for the man with the scars’ strength, he said to Cristi just watching and staring at the woman’s knickers,

“Give me a hand, will you?”

The young boy with his greased-up hair still holding the sword as though he was just about to fight. Cristi shrugged.

“Why? We don’t live here. House cleaning’s not our problem.”

Then Igor arrived at the top of the stairs. He looked at the dead vampire with the shitty stake in her heart, then to her dress now up around her waist. He looked to Sorin and laughed. Clearly surprised that the stake had held, he asked,

“What have you boys been doing?”

“Killing vampires,” Sorin answered as he nodded. He had done just that, and somehow, he was proud. He then said,

“There’s another in there also.”

Igor looked to Cristi, then to the sword, and smiled. Then without another word, he walked into the corridor and came straight back out again, dragging Bullshit Bill by his feet. Stopping next to Cristi, he said,

“Don’t just stand there, make yourself busy and go clean out that other corridor.”

Cristi turned and stared at the next corridor, which drifted off to darkness behind him. Then, looking back at Bullshit Bill lying on the floor with his mouth open, he suddenly said, regretting the words the moment they left his mouth,

“We know him - I don’t think he’s one of them.”

Igor stared at the corpse on the floor, looked to Sorin, and then straight back to Cristi. He asked,

“How’d you know him?”

“We’ve just seen him around, that’s all,”

Sorin answered quickly, wondering why Cristi had said anything in the first place. Feeling his own hands still shaking and putting it down to shock, he added,

“And because he’s still dead, even though the stake got pulled from his chest and he’s got no fangs.”

Igor laughed as he began to drag Bullshit’s body towards the stairs. Reaching the top, he stopped again and said,

“You boys have been watching too much TV. Look at his fingers.”

The boys looked down to Bullshit Billy’s outstretched arms that lay pointed away from his head on the hardwood floor as though he was doing yoga. Then to the man’s fingers that had now developed long, sharp nails at the end of each of his bony fingers, turning both hands into almost a claw. Carrying on, Igor kicked at Bullshit Billy, sending his body off the landing at the top and rolling down the stairs,

“But you’re half right because he’s the freshly turned type that can for the moment withstand a small amount of daylight, he’s not dead.... Yet.... But down there in the daylight, he’ll slowly cook.”

Igor looked to the other corridor and, nodding towards it, said to Sorin,

“You go in again, you could end up looking just like me. Better let warrior boy go first.”

Cristi looked again to the corridor and then back to Bullshit lying still at the bottom of the stairs. Then, he looked at Max, who was beginning to slightly stir as he lay amongst the mess of glass. Seeing this also, and before Cristi could say another word, Igor spoke up,

“If you don’t like what you’re seeing, remember, this mess is all your own fault. So stab that prick with the jeans again if he comes around.”

Cristi stared at Max lying on the messed up marble floor below, then looked back to the darkness of the corridor looking every bit as ominous as the one he’d just done nothing in other than chat with Bullshit Bill. Before he could make another move, Sorin took the sword from his hand and, still dripping with blood, walked straight in.

With Igor’s word’s still circling his mind, Sorin stood there in the darkness with only his courage, Igor’s sword, and the daylight that blanketed his back for protection. From what he could see as his eyes adjusted to the light, the corridor was empty. He looked at the ceiling and saw the sheen of light from the corridor’s far end wash down its length. There was nothing. It was empty, he thought. He took another step forward, and then another, until he’d left the light and was standing in the darkness. Then he carried on, feeling his chest tighten and the blood from his cuts run from his chin.

Letting go of the sword with his left hand, he wiped the blood away and felt its moisture as he clasped the sword’s handle again. Looking around, he signaled to Cristi, standing close by watching him from the safety of daylight, to get his ass in there with him.

Quickly Sorin looked back into the darkness of the corridor, took another step, felt the crunch of grit under his foot, and looked down at the white plaster barely visible on the floor. Then he saw the light hanging there in the center of the corridor. Fuck, I’m an idiot, he thought, why didn’t I just turn the light on when I came in? Glancing back, he looked around for Cristi to hit the switch at the entrance to the corridor.


