


CHAPTER TWENTY THREE

Max woke on the floor of the foyer lying among the glass, covered in the fresh ash-soaked blood left behind when Igor had arrived home and ruined his party.

What a fucking prick, he thought, stabbing him like that with that sword. The guy getting all precious and jealous, just because the Coont had decided he was no longer suitable as his righthand man, and had outed him from his position. I mean, fuck, man, get a life. Move on. Anyone would think he owned this fucking place.

He stood and looked to the landing at the top of the stairs. The big man had just moved into the corridor and disappeared. Staying still, Max leaned against the wall. He stared at an old, undated, sepia photograph of Igor as he stood on a small pier playing his violin to some children as they looked up in awe. The man with scars smiling as he performed, looking as though he had once fought a hundred battles and was now seemingly at peace with himself. Max could hear his Master bellowing the prick’s name, and in doing so, wondered himself when the Master vampire would eventually call his.

Give it time, in time, he thought. Early days.

What he needed to do was kill this Igor guy and be done with him so that his Master would have no other option. Then put out another text and get some fresh blood in for the Master to feed off. The vampire seemed to like feeding off girls, pretty ones mostly, so he hadn’t done badly so far, with the amount of fucked-up airheads he’d coaxed over. He looked about. The place was a bit of a mess. There was now some redneck lying dead at the bottom of the stairs and ash blowing in from the outside for some reason. But he wasn’t the fucking cleaner. What he’d do was hire a crew, get them in, keep them till dark. Then he could use them as food, and that would be tonight sorted in case the numbers were down. If he was lucky, once the cleaners had turned into vampires themselves, they could keep on cleaning. Now that was good management.

Baby steps, Max, baby steps, the drug dealer told himself as he heard the Coont’s voice again booming out from the cellar below in a language he could not yet understand. That scarred-up prick up there could, though, that was an issue. He’d have to learn the Coont’s language, but that was not going to be easy since he’d struggled with hello in French.

Fuck it, just kill him and even the playing field. Shoot the fucker. Be done with the toe-treading prick trying to muscle his way back in with his sword that hadn’t worked, Max told himself as he looked straight ahead to the wide-open front door. He had his gun in the car, but the car wasn’t there. Fuck, that bitch, stealing it and scratching up the fucking paintwork in the process. But no, I’m such an idiot, he thought. The gun was in his jacket. He remembered. In the kitchen.

Max made his way through to the lower corridor and out back into the kitchen. All the vampires that had been floating about the place were all gone, it seemed, or in the cellar. Unless that fucker with the scars had been down there as well and killed them all. He found his jacket and put it back on, then looked at the second puncture wound in his chest. It was wider with more blood, bigger than the little knife wound the Chinese lady had inflicted.

He took a deep breath, held it in, and let it out. Apart from a few bubbles coming out of his chest when he breathed, everything seemed to be working, no pain, just a bit of blood in his mouth like he’d seen in the movies. It was all good.

He walked back, passed the corridor, and took the passageway to bring him to the living room. He’d done a fantastic job of blacking out the windows with the paint he’d found in the garage so as he could keep the party going. Passing one window and then the next, he looked out to the landscaped garden, making a mental note to try to get those windows blacked out also before the end of the day.

Max reached the living room and walked straight in, feeling the fresh blood in the carpet sticking to his new Nikes as he looked to the open upper deck door and the ash-covered skeletal remains of his party guests.

Walking to the foyer entrance, he tucked himself into the side and looked up. The guy with the scars was still up there. Standing on the landing with one of them shithead vampire-hunting kids holding a stake and wearing a backpack. From what he’d seen in the living room, the redneck at the bottom of the stairs wasn’t the only victim. These guys had been on a bit of a killing spree whilst he’d been out cold.

Max thought back to all the movies he’d seen about these hunters that roamed the planet and wished he’d now paid more attention to them in the foyer. But he would deal with them soon enough. It would be part of the job. But if this Igor guy was supposed to be on his team, why were these kids not already dead?

Lifting his gun, he held it up, pointing it to the top of the stairs. The landing at the top now completely empty. Just as he was about to follow them and head up the stairs, Mary appeared at the door, carrying Igor’s precious violin in her hands. Quickly putting the gun away, Max caught the young schoolteachers attention, and held his index finger to his lips.

************

It had been tough the last couple of hours or so since Mary had watched Igor’s face change as he’d been swept to the side on the small stage, her heart sinking as she watched the big man quietly leave the room. Mary herself having a quiet tear-up in the women’s lavatory stall as she listened to the excitement on the other side of the door at the washrooms bassinettes. Seeing only the women’s feet mill about in shoes she’d never been able to wear.

She’d waited until everyone had left, then sat in the auditorium alone cradling the Stradivarius in her arms, surrounded by emptiness. Her thoughts only for the man with the scars whom she’d cajoled into a performance that she knew now the memories of could only cause hurt.

He’ll get it, she’d thought. In time he’d see that it wasn’t the kid’s fault and only the members of the press who’d been so insensitive. But what about her? Had she also not had her arms in the air for the child? Had she not been one of the many who’d rushed to the stage?

She had. But she was the only one there who had then watched the man with the scars leave without saying goodbye. With her heart in her hand, Mary had locked up, placed Igor’s violin carefully on the front seat of her Prius, and crossed below the highway and continued up the hill until she’d found the mansion where she’d once sat and listened to the sultry sounds of a man covered in battle scars playing the violin he loved.

She’d apologize, that’s all. If not for her own sake. It was the least she could do and the most she could do also.

Finding the now wrecked front gate smashed open when she arrived, Mary had looked at the devastation of the front garden she had so admired before. The cars unevenly spread out, seemingly abandoned in the driveway. The plants, terracotta shards, and tire marks spread across the lawn. The taxi sitting closest to the front door.

Pulling up behind a red AMG Mercedes whose owner was now turning to ash out on the back deck, Mary got out of the car and, carrying the Stradivarius and its bow in one hand, walked down to the front door. Passing Carol’s skeletal remains and looking to Hamza in his kufi cap, bobbing his head back and forth, she’d walked up the stairs passing the kids ashes as she went. Stopping at the door, she’d looked inside at the mess that lay before her. Then she’d seen Max with his hands to his lips.

Max dropped his hand, and walked quietly across the glass and stopped at the front door.

“Oh wow, you’re a musician. Are you here for the party?” he asked as he looked to the violin and, knowing the Coont’s penchant for young women, wondered if the lady before him couldn’t be exactly what the Coont wanted.

“No, I’m here to see Igor. I need to give him his violin back. He left it at the school.”

Mary looked to Max and then around him at the mess and the blood and ash, Ray Raye’s head on the floor, and Bullshit Bill’s body at the foot of the stairs. Following her stare, Max said,

“Don’t worry, they’re rubber! We’re like having a spooky party tonight, so you know, it all looks quite real.”

“Oh?” Mary replied as she looked to where she remembered the beautiful chandeliers used to hang. Then she said, “What did you do with the chandeliers?”

“Oh, we’re getting them cleaned, so we spread some fake glass about to make it look like someone had been swinging on them.”

“Is Igor here, please?”

Mary asked, not wanting to carry on the conversation. She looked back at Max again and then down to the bloody wound on his chest bubbling blood as he breathed. The woman knowing that it would not be humanly possible to be alive with such an injury.

“Yeah, good trick, hey? Come in,” Max answered, smiling as he watched Mary looking at his wound. The drug dealer wondering how he could get the young lady down to the cellar on her own accord without having her screaming and causing him trouble, the way she obviously would.

“Yes, he’s this way,” Max carried on as he gestured to the schoolteacher and heard his own feet crunch the crystal into the marble as he stepped back. Worrying about offending the man, Mary asked,

“I can come back later, if you’d like?”

“No, no, come in, come in. Don’t let Igor get mad at me by leaving without him getting to see you.”

Mary stepped forward into the foyer and stared at the crystal glass and blood. Unless she was wrong, it was the head on the floor covered in flies that she could smell. But that would be ridiculous. It had to be another trick. As she cupped Igor’s violin and bow to her chest and looked to her favorite painting on the wall, she said,

“I can wait here if you’d like.”

“Igor’s just here,” Max replied as he smiled and nodded his head towards the end of the foyer, where the door to the cellar stood open.

“It’s okay. I’ll wait,”

Mary said politely as she looked back towards the Monet. The painting’s beauty capturing her mind once again in the same manner as it had the previous times she’d become lost within it.

“No problem,” Max said with a smile as he began to walk away towards the open door that led down to the cellar. Calling back as he reached the door, he turned and said,

“I’ll let him know you’re here.”

Mary watched as the young man disappeared for a moment, and reappeared again moments later. Popping his head around the door, he called out with a smile.

“Igor says for you to come on down.”

Pulling herself away from the painting, Mary began to make her way along the foyer towards the door. Reaching it, she stared down into the darkness that lay behind Max as he gestured for her to follow him further. Then, from within the darkness, the smell of the bodies below hit her.

This wasn’t right, Mary thought, as she held her free hand to her face and felt for a moment that she would puke right there and then. Then something primal inside kicked in as she felt the evil below. Without a word, she turned and began to walk with the violin still clutched to her chest as fast as she could towards the safety of the front door.

By the time she’d gotten only halfway, Max was on her. Grabbing her by the hair from behind, he yanked her backward, pulling her off her feet and onto her back, sending the violin and bow skidding across the marble floor.

Then without a thought for her screams, he dragged her as Mary kicked and clasped at anything she could find as she felt herself being pulled quickly back towards the cellar doorway. Reaching the top of the stairs of the entrance to the cellar, Max stopped. Spinning Mary around, he then pushed her, knocking a shoe from her foot as he forced her down the stairs into the darkness.

Mary hit the bottom of the stairs and felt the disturbed flies from the bodies around her face as the adrenaline rushed through her body. Terrified, she scrambled to her feet, looking up into the light from the open door. Max was still standing at the top of the stairs. With tears running down her face, she began to scream, then screamed louder as she turned to see the rotten bodies on the floor beside her.

“Please let me go, please let me go,”

Mary begged as she cried, looking up to Max, who now pointed a gun at her. Then she heard the Coont’s voice call out to her from deep within the blackness of the passageway that lay before her,

“Maiden - cometh to thy Master.”

Mary turned towards the voice which had spoken to her in a language she could not understand. Her legs now shaking uncontrollably as she stood in one shoe. The Coont slowly becoming visible as he stepped forward out of the darkness. His white face reflecting in the soft light raining down from above. Venturing closer, the Coont moved toward her, as he raised his hand and stared out at this delicate prize the fool with the black chariot had delivered. The Coont calling to her as he smelled her innocence, “Cometh hither, thy virgin maiden.”

Horrified, Mary looked behind her again to the bodies on the floor then beyond into the darkness, as red eyes reflected back at her from within the second passageway that ran its way under the mansion. Then she saw the eyes of the other vampires also, as they clung to the ceiling looking back at her in anticipation as they waited for the schoolteacher to step out of the light and into their world of darkness.

“Go to the Master,” Max called to Mary from the top of the stairs.

“He’ll make you his queen.”

“Please, please,” Mary cried, feeling the urine run down her leg as she stood there trapped in the daylight. The vampires lingering around her in the darkness. The young man in his ripped jeans with the gun to her, at the top of the stairs as she looked up.

“Please,” she pleaded again to Max as she held her hands to him in prayer.

But there was no giving, no quarter in his evil smile. She looked back towards the passageway where the Coont stood, the vampire still there waiting also. Trembling uncontrollably, Mary felt her head begin to spin. The world around her slowly turning to darkness as she lost consciousness and her legs buckled beneath her.

As her heart pounded the blood around her petrified body, bulging the veins that ran across her temples, Mary fell softly to the floor. Her head striking the damp putrid wash that leaked from the dead and made rivers across the stone.

Moving forward to the edge of the darkness, the Coont stopped and looked down upon the woman with her head laying inches from the gloom that bordered the passageway to his lair. Kneeling down and feeling the top of his wellington boots on his ass, he stared into the daylight that rained down from the top of the stairs. The woman’s hair lying so close to him at the edge of the light. Reaching out with his finger on his right hand and poking his long claw-like nail into the daytime, he dug into the slime and scraped some strands of Mary’s dirty blonde hair from the floor, strand by strand until he held in his bony fist a hand full. Then clasping them tight, he pulled, tugging at her hair as the follicles strained and lifted from her scalp, moving her head closer and closer into the darkness.


