


CHAPTER TWENTY FOUR

Igor had almost reached his bedroom. The boys now covered in the black blood of vampires newly turned in the wake of their cousin’s failed quest to destroy the Coont only days before.

The two boys now smarting after the man, who’d kept the Coont locked away for so many years, had told them it was their actions that were to blame for each loss of life. The man with scars saying it once more to the boys immediately after he’d dispatched another demon from this world. It was a stretch, and they’d known it as the words from the man who’d lived for 600 years bit at them as they’d made their way through the darkened corridors. Being hissed at and bitten by sharp fangs of the demons they’d killed one vampire after another. Vampires, who only a day or so before had been living and breathing humans just as the two Lupei boys were. Humans who’d been suckered in by an asshole drug dealer offering his poison for free.

And as they’d stood covered in a mix of vampire blood and their own outside the last closed door, which led to Igor’s room, Sorin, unable to keep his opinions to himself, had simply said to Igor what both boys knew for certain was the truth.

“From the way I see it, there’s only one person to blame for this fucking mess, and that’s you.”

“Really?” Igor had asked as he walked towards his room and slowly stopped.

“Yeah, if you’d done your duty when you had the chance centuries before, my cousin would still be alive along with everyone else we’ve cut down here today.”

“Go tell that to your ancestors who died with silver spoons in their mouths.” was all Igor had replied.

It was the way it was and why one half of the family no longer cared for the other. Sorin easily seeing now what side of that fence Cristi stood. Track the man with the scars down and put an end to the curse, his side had said. Or were the other half of the family who lived well saying simply, track down the man with the scars, and refill the pot with the gold the man offered in exchange for his continued immortality?

Sorin then said it, as plain and simple as he could.

“My family’s greed doesn’t excuse cowardice. You should have killed the vampire the first chance you got. What gives you the right to live a life playing your fucking violin ten lifetimes longer than our cousin you’ve left rotting in the basement?”

And with those words from a boy who’d had enough and seen through the dishonesty that was Igor’s world, they’d heard the scream of the woman who’d come to check on Igor’s feelings.

************

They made it quickly back to the staircase, stood at the top of the stairs, and listened to the stillness of the mansion. Max’s body now conspicuous in its absence. Bullshit Bill’s skin, pulling away from his bones. The dynamite man turned vampire, now 100% dead, laying still at the bottom of the stairs.

They walked down, feeling the crystal crunching into the wooden steps as it exploded and ingrained itself into the varnished teak. They reached the bottom. Stepping over Bullshit Bill’s body, they then looked along the length of the marbled foyer towards the door that led to the cellar.

Wearing a shit-eating grin, Max appeared from the cellar door and began to walk back down along the foyer. He was pleased with himself. Delivering such a prize to the Coont. Now he needed to get the mansion back in order. Tidy up a bit, so as people didn’t run as soon as they came through the doors to the next party. Seeing the violin on the floor, he picked it up and stared at it. So this was Igor’s prize violin, the same one he was playing in that stupid picture, Max thought. He looked at the fine horsehair pulled tight along its length. Putting the violin to his chin, he felt the well-worn wood against his skin. He placed the bow to the strings and dragged it back and forth a couple of times, causing the beautiful wooden instrument masterfully built with care, so many hundreds of years ago to scream like a cat. Then he saw Igor and the two boys standing at the bottom of the staircase.

Igor stared back down towards the man who wanted his job and had been stabbed hard in his chest for his troubles as he held the violin that had been his sole companion for centuries. It didn’t make sense. What was his violin doing here? he thought. And before he could say a word or move towards him, he heard Max shout out at him as he held the violin by the neck,

“This yours, is it?”

And even before his venomous words had left his mouth, he swung the only true thing Igor had ever loved in this world and hit it hard against the wall. Smashing the carefully crafted Stradivarius into pieces.

Igor stared at the violin with his eyes wide as Max held its neck with its body shattered and hanging down below by its strings. Then, he threw it hard down toward the bottom of the staircase. The violin hitting the marble, scattering shards of crystal and blown ash as it skidded across the floor and landed at Igor’s feet.

Moving quickly, Igor grabbed the sword from Sorin’s hand, and in his soft leather shoes, sped across the mess that had once been two of the finest chandeliers in France. Moving from his right and then to his left as Max pulled his gun and let off two shots, missing both times in succession. Seconds later, Igor was on him, feigning a strike from the side as he twisted his body away to the opposite direction, and brought his sword up the centre of the man’s body, cutting deep through his ripped jeans and into his groin. Splitting his testicles in two and wedging the swords blade deep into Max’s pelvic bone.

Ripping the blade like a saw and leaving it still in Max’s flesh, he pulled the blade upwards, cutting through his clothes and body until it stuck firm in his rib cage. With two more hard thrusting cuts, he lifted the blade until it burst out from the side of Max’s neck. Splitting the man and sending him to the floor, blood and guts and all in two pieces.

Igor stepped back and stared at the man, who, moments before, had done the same thing to his violin. Max, still alive, stared back. Then with the briefest looks to the bow of his violin lying by the wall, Igor stepped forward and lifting Max up by his hair, brought his sword down hard across the man’s neck, severing his head.

Igor stood there for a moment, still holding Max’s head in his hand as the blood streamed from his brain, pooling and rejoining the rest of the blood on the marbled floor. Then like a champion bowler going for a ten-pin strike at the alleys on a Saturday night, Igor sent Max’s head down the foyer towards the stairs in exactly the same line his violin had taken, skidding and bumping through the shards of crystal and ash, until it settled next to the now limp stringed smashed Stradivarius.

************

Cristi and Sorin stood with their mouths open at the spectacle they had just witnessed. Slowly trying to keep off the blood and still looking at Max’s head with its gaping mouth, they made their way towards Igor. Reaching him and still speechless, they both stared at the headless torso split in two with its organs spilling out along with a heart that was still beating.

“Fuck me!” Cristi said as he watched the man’s heart continue to pump blood out onto the marble floor.

“Is he still alive?” he asked Igor. But Igor wasn’t answering as all he was interested in was Mary’s shoe.

They entered the stairway and began to creep down. The boys holding their noses with one hand and their home-made dowel stakes with their other. Offended by the rotting flesh of their cousin and his headless Motörhead-loving companion. They reached the bottom and stood in the daylight as the flies found them and the red eyes looked back at the boys menacingly in the darkness from above. Suddenly thrusting up and out with his sword, Igor plucked a body from the ceiling, leaned into the darkness quickly, and dragged the policeman who’d stopped him only days before by the bridge into the daylight. Recognizing him instantly, Igor put his foot onto the policeman’s neck, holding him down against the floor so as he could not breathe, just as some of his colleagues have been known to do. The boys standing to the side as the policeman spit and struggled in the light. Then Igor said quietly, “Kill it!”

Hesitating, Sorin looked at the policeman with his red eyes and snarling teeth. The vampire still in full uniform with his gun, mace, and cuffs on his belt.

Sorin looked to Cristi and then to Igor. His eyes full of fear and now doubt.

“But he’s a cop?’

“Not anymore. Do it,” Igor replied as he struggled with his foot and pressed his sword hard into the policeman’s gut to hold him down.

Raising his dowel stake, Sorin then plunged it into the demon’s heart, observing the monster as its eyes stared back. Watching it die, Cristi simply said, “Holy fuck,” with firm disbelief as he looked to the policeman’s now claw-like fingers. Then he looked up into the darkness at the rest of the demons, barely visible, bar their red eyes. All of them looking back at him now from deep within the cellar and between him and the passageway that led to the gold.

Pulling his sword from the policeman’s stomach, Igor said,

“I have to go this way,” as he nodded towards the Coont’s lair.

“I suggest you stay here in the light, and then when I’m back, we can clear out the rest of these.” Then he was gone, sword in hand, disappearing into the passageway.

************

Igor reached the end and looked at the small candle lighting the Coont’s ironwood coffin that sat on the floor in the middle of the chamber. Then turning to the side, he saw him as the Master vampire squatted down in the corner and bit down upon Mary’s neck. Igor watched as the vampire feasted upon Mary’s blood. Her body lying limp upon the floor, her arms to the side. Looking up, the Coont said as the schoolteacher’s fresh blood dripped from his fangs,

“Slave, Lupeis be here. Killeth them now, for mine nose be offendeth!”

“Is she dead?” Igor asked as he looked to the schoolteacher’s body lying still.

“Asleep be thy virgin maiden of pure blood. A dish so rare to one knoweth. A meal I doth savor much, slave.”

Igor waited, staring at his Master. Then the Coont said.

“A sword you bringeth to thee, slave? Thy cometh for thine Master’s blood?” Igor looked to his sword covered in blood, resting the heavy long blade between his feet.

“No master,” Igor replied. “Thy castle has become full quickly master.”

Then looking to the concern in Igor’s eyes and quick to pick up on the situation, the Coont said, “Thy mortal maiden lies before. She beholdeth marriage with thee?”

“She is a friend, Master. Yes,” Igor replied as his head bowed.

“A friend is not of what you have, slave. Except thy viola loveth thee so greatly.”

Igor repeated it, his voice this time asking simply for the Coont to spare the woman before him,

“She is a friend, Master.”

“Savour shall I for many moons thine friend whose blood runs sweet and of purity shall I enjoyeth, slave. After thou can befriend, behold, and serve again this woman for when your new queen cometh.”

So that was it, Igor thought, the Coont would drain the life from this woman slowly night by night, like a delicacy taken between gorging on cocaine-tainted blood sucked from any female addicts that he could find. And once her fragile body could take no more and she succumbed to death, he’d spit saliva and vomit blood into her mouth to give her the honor of becoming his queen.

What had he done? Igor thought as he stood there before this demon made almost tenfold worse than he’d known before due to the drug-addicted victims the Coont now fed off. Then the Coont said it,

“Leave, slave, whilst I still allow thee life. Gather the mortal maidens with the blood that excites I so. For this evening, I shall dine again.”

It was true, the Coont would continue to feast as he was born to do, but now with further gusto due to his new craving for drugs. As would Mary, once he’d drained her of life. And then she would be no different, feeding off blood and destroying lives which had been similar to her own. Until he or a brave soul, such as the boys who waited in the daylight next to the body of their friend came along to end such horror.

She did not deserve this fate. No one did.

End it now, Igor ... Kill the girl whilst she is still human ... take her head and save her from an eternity of torture. Do it ... Do it ... Do it, Igor told himself.

Then deciding to do what was right, Igor stepped forward in the darkness. He raised his sword above the chest of the schoolteacher, who’d done nothing to him in his life except offer the kindness that radiated within her. Then, as he brought the sword down hard, the words of the young Lupei boy rang true in his mind. Changing the direction of his hand and mind, he twisted the blade, thrusting it straight through the Coont’s chest and held it there.

For the moment, the Coont just stared up at him, unbelieving in what this slave whom he’d gifted eternal life had just done. Then as the anger flooded through the vampire’s body, he threw the schoolteacher’s limp body away from him and lashed out. Ravaging Igor’s arms with his claw like fingers.

Feeling the vampires legs and welly boots hitting his back, Igor held on as he twisted his blade around and around inside the Coont’s chest. Stamping his foot hard into the Coont’s neck, pinning him down. Calling out above the vampire’s roars, he shouted,

“Boys get down here!”

The two Lupei boys stood in the daylight and listened to the animal-like screams coming from down the passageway.

“I have the Coont - bring the stakes, quick!”

Igor’s voice cried out in amongst the snarling and screaming.

“It’s a trap,” Cristi said as he stood there with his heart beating like a drum.

“Why would he kill him? He’ll kill himself doing so!”

But there was something in the ferocity of the fight that Sorin had only heard in animals who were about to die. Hearing it before as a child, late at night in amongst the riotous excitement of drunken men. Drunken family members who coerced dogs, bred or stolen, for the sole purpose of fighting. Viscous and snarling animals who ripped at each other’s skin in the back alleys or gardens of their homes. The snarls turning from ferocious to desperation and then the helplessness, which only came when an animal knew it was close to death and was about to die.

“No!” he said quickly, “It’s real, he’s killing him, he’s fucking killing him!”

And without a second thought, Sorin ran towards the melee, disappearing into the darkness of the passageway, hearing the screams get louder as he reached the end of the passageway and entered the chamber.

In the corner, away from the ironwood coffin, Mary lay unconscious. The Coont was next to her on his back, pinned to the ground by Igor’s sword. The demon weakened, kicking and screaming as Igor held his sword to the vampire’s chest, his foot to his neck and face, pushing it sideways hard into the stone floor. The vampire snarling and spitting as he bit out with his sharp, perilous fangs.

Sensing Sorin’s arrival, Igor shouted,

“Stake his heart now.... Now!	Now!”

As the Coont bucked and fought against his slave. With both hands, Sorin raised his stake as he dodged the Coont’s claws as they flailed and lashed out at him. Then with all the power he could muster, Sorin brought the stake down. Slamming the wooden dowel deep into the vampire’s chest, the sharpened wood piercing the Coont’s silk shirt and then his flesh as it dug hard into the vampire’s heart.

Sorin held on, pressing down on the stake’s end with all his might as the Coont screamed out in pain and desperation. Then with a sweep of his arm, the Coont swung at the stake and broke it cleanly in two, just as Igor had predicted.

Desperately grasping at the stake, the Coont clawed at his flesh as he tried to pull it out.

“Another!” Igor shouted as he held the Coont down with his sword and foot. Stepping back, Sorin reached to his backpack and fumbled for a second stake. The Coont clawed at the last of the broken stake, which still pierced his heart. With an almighty roar, he dug in deep, ripped it from his chest, and threw it to the ground. Then his body began to rise, taking Igor up with him as he held the sword firmly to the stone floor.

Violently twisting his head and body, the Coont shook as he tried to release himself from the sword that impaled him. Slicing his flesh and bone, the Coont rose up, levitating from the cold floor until all that was left was the handle of the sword across his chest, keeping him there. Just as he’d pulled a stake and lined himself up again for a second strike, the Coont reached out and grabbed Sorin’s right arm. Holding it as tight as a vice, he twisted, almost breaking the boy’s bone clean with a single turn.

Still on top of the Coont, Igor watched as Sorin screamed out in pain. Quickly he let go of the sword with one hand and, snatching the new stake, he drove it firmly into the Coont’s heart. The Coont screamed again, deep guttural frantic ear-piercing roars which echoed through the mansion’s underground passageways and chambers. Deathly shrieks which ripped through even Igor’s bones, the likes of which he had never heard before.

Then as he felt the Coont begin to weaken as death slowly came and the vampire began to slide back down the sword towards the cold stone floor. His bones and flesh grinding on the blade as it dropped. Igor looked to the coffin as it lay open in the centre of the chamber. There was a chance, he thought. He could slide the vampire back into his coffin, pull out the stake and lock him in.

Save his own life.

The Coont hit the stone floor and as the red of his eyes began to fade, Igor took his foot from the vampire’s face and with a free hand began to drag the Coont’s heavy body towards the coffin.

“Get him in it,” Igor shouted as the desperation of what he’d just done set in.

Still holding the stake with his good arm, Sorin looked to Igor confused as to what he was doing. Then as reality hit home, Sorin screamed out,

“No! Take him to the light.”

But panic had set in, and Igor, now on his own mission to save himself, was no longer listening. He reached the coffin, and using his strength, he held his mighty sword in both hands and levered the Coont’s dying body into the coffin.

“Get the lid, quick!” Igor shouted to Sorin as he felt within a sudden weakness slowly develop.

“Why?”

Sorin called back at him as he saw the fear rise in the face of the man who’d been alive for six hundred years.

“I’ll die!” Igor said almost to himself as he felt the Coont’s body hit the gold coins layering the silken coffin’s bottom with a thud. The feeling of panic flooding through him as the memory of his death once before came flooding back.

Sorin stared at him as he leaned on the wooden spike still embedded in the Coont’s heart. Both still holding the Coont down as Igor with his sword looked to the lid, knowing that if he let go, the vampire could gather the strength to push the kid away and rise again.

“No,” said Sorin. His eyes looking to the slave in a plea to accept the fate he had brought upon himself.

Then he said as he heard the Coont’s breath turn from the thunder it had vented moments before to the death rattle that so many mortals speak before they themselves pass on to the next world,

“Accept it, my friend. How long do you need to live? What gives you the right to eternal life when this demon has cut short so many?”

And before Igor could answer, the wooden dowel staked through the demon’s heart had done its job and the Coont went limp and was gone.

They held on for a while. Both men, one young and the other very very old, looking to the Coont without speaking. Watching the vampire as it’s face became paler and paler, and his white leathered skin began to peel from his bones, until all that was left covering the gold and silk that layered the base of the ironwood coffin was skeletal bones and nothing more than ash.



