

CHAPTER TWENTY FIVE

How long he had left in this world, Igor did not know. One thing, though, he knew for sure was that he was losing strength. Lifting himself off his sword, he withdrew it from the ash and bone which had once been the vampire that had controlled his life as much as in the Coont’s captive state, Igor had controlled his.

“What about the stake?”

Sorin asked as he wondered at the same time where his cousin had gotten to.

“Once they turn to ash, there’s no coming back,” Igor said, speaking from personal experience. Then he waited, continuing to stare at the ash of the vampire with whom, in one form or another, he shared centuries.

“Same with me now, I suppose.” He looked to Mary, still sprawled on the floor.

“What about her?” Sorin asked.

“She’ll grow old and have a full life, I hope.”

“I mean now?”

Igor stood up straight and felt lightheaded as he did, the room spinning for a moment before settling.

“We need to get her into the light. The Coont was the most dangerous, but he’s not the only vampire lurking in the dark.

Passing his heavy sword to Sorin, Igor walked over to Mary, knelt down, and picked up the schoolteacher. Without looking back, he carried the woman who’d done her best to make his secret wish come true out of the chamber.

He reached the steps and stopped to look at Cristi as he stood there staring still in the safety of the daylight. Passing him, he said,

“Thanks for your help ... Why don’t you do what you came here for, go join your cousin and kill the rest of them before the sun sets?”

Igor then turned and walked up the stairs, away from the stench of the cellar where the ashes of his master now lay, and his surviving vampire disciples waited for dark. Stopping to scoop up Mary’s shoe, he carried her limp body along the long foyer, passing Max’s severed torso. The man’s eyes looking up to him, watching, as he walked past the man’s head, laying alongside Igor’s broken violin.

With Mary’s arm hanging down from her side, Igor stopped for a moment, looking to the Monet he knew the unconscious woman in his arms loved so much. The lady in the painting standing in a field with the sun in her hair, looking every bit as beautiful now as she had the day

Igor had sat watching the great man paint the masterpiece.

Pulling it from the wall along with another by the stairs and holding both by their wires, Igor carried on, holding the schoolteacher as he walked outside into the cool mountain air. Dropping down the small steps to the driveway, he passed the taxi with its driver now sitting peacefully at the wheel, seemingly in shock with his mouth open. Reaching her car, Igor opened the door and placed Mary down in the driver’s seat. Kneeling he put the one shoe she’d lost back on her left foot and the original Monet and the other painting carefully on the front passenger seat.

Stepping back, he looked at her, watching her breathe. It was hard to believe he’d given up everything for her, and he didn’t even know the woman’s last name. He had, though, given her back the life she so deserved. The cuts on her legs, arms, and neck would heal, the hair she was missing would also grow back.

Reaching out, he gently shook the woman’s shoulders, calling her name until Mary came around. The schoolteacher for the moment not knowing where she was, as the sun shone through the front of the window screen, lighting the blood in her soft, blonde hair. Then suddenly, it all came flooding back.

Gently, Igor clasped Mary’s shoulder as he shook, and breathed hard, calling out to nowhere in a half scream.

“It’s okay Mary. You’re safe,”

Igor said softly as the woman looked to the man with scars kneeling before her covered in blood.

“You’re safe, Mary.”

Still panicking, Mary turned quickly, looking towards the mansion. It’s large presence ominous now through the window.

“It’s okay, you’re safe Mary,” Igor explained again. Then he said,

“You need to go home and rest. Thank you for being my friend. You are completely safe now.”

Still in shock and unable to speak, Mary looked at the man with scars. His eyes calm and soothing. He pointed to the two paintings on the passenger seat next to her.

“The Monet’s yours. It’s a beautiful painting. I loved this lady once upon a time. The other one’s a Cézanne, maybe you could sell it if you want. It’s probably worth as much as this place,”

Igor said as he looked away from her to the huge mansion he had built so long ago.

“It’s my apology to you for not having the courage to do something I should have done a long, long time ago. Something that, if I had, would have saved you and many others a lot of pain.”

Then he stood as Mary found her keys and started the car as she shut the door and without a word she was gone.

You’ve done the right thing, Igor thought as he turned and looked directly to the sun and closed his eyes. Its rays raining down upon his centuries-old scarred-up skin. So this was it, he thought, my last day on earth. If he was lucky, he’d catch the sunset.

Opening his eyes, he glimpsed the truck hidden within the trees. He crossed the front lawn garden, stopping only to straighten a crushed rose bush. The truck had to be ten years old and beat up. The typical transport of a construction worker or a guy who worked the rigs. The kind of roughneck who liked to drive into sleepy West Vancouver wearing his dirty baseball cap and big fuck-off boots with his brash attitude to terrify the locals.

But why park it here, like he’d tried to hide it? He could have parked on the drive or the lawn as everyone else looking to score free cocaine had? Igor thought as he leaned into the window to look inside.

Seeing the first haul of gold bars lying on the passenger seat, he tried the door to find it locked. He looked through the window, examining markings on the bars, kind of recognizing the markings on the front of the gold. He had little doubt that they’d been taken from within the mansion. When did I steal this haul? he wondered as he stared at the dull gold, seemingly carved in ancient Euskera and Arabic. Their edges smooth and rounded with age. Maybe it had to have been from the Coont’s own collection, he thought. But nonetheless, what was it doing out here sitting on the passenger seat of this shitty truck?

From what he could tell, chances were very high the guy the boys had killed at the top of the stairs was the truck’s owner. But how had he known about the gold? He had to have been in league with the boys. Somehow, he had to have been caught and drained of blood by one of the ever-growing plague of monsters who lurked within.

He walked to the back of the truck and looked at the vehicle’s suspension sitting low. Leaning in, he cupped his hands to the window. Through the grime, he looked inside. The rest of his gold was there. Neatly stacked by a man who must have been precise and methodical in his work.

Shit! he thought as he pulled back and stared at the vehicle sitting there ready to go. What would I have done had the guy have gotten away? he thought.

Not that it mattered now.

He walked away back towards the house and wondered how the boys were doing and if the gold was the reason the shorter one had held back in the cellar? But why would he bother waiting around down there in amongst such danger and stinking filth if he had a truck full of gold sitting in the driveway? The answer was obvious -they didn’t know. Maybe they were fighting their way towards the gold through a cellar full of demon vampires only to find an empty chest. If this was the case, so be it.

It was pretty funny, really, Igor thought as he laughed to himself whilst passing the taxi and Hamza who was still sitting in the driver’s seat with a copy of the Koran on his lap. The man now motionless, sweating still but breathing easy. He looked down to see what the meter now read. The digital readout now registering just over $6,450.00. Tapping on the window, Hamza looked up and dropped it down for him to speak. The smell of piss and shit and old bacon sandwiches hitting him all at once as Igor leaned in.

Stepping back, Igor wondered how resilient the man must have been to hold onto his faith the way he had instead of succumbing to the Coont’s dark ways.

Leaving him to it, Igor walked up the stairs and felt his head spin again as he entered the foyer. Stopping for a moment to look at the mess and the two heads at the foot of the stairs along with his broken Stradivarius.

I could do with that Stradivarius now, Igor thought, just go sit somewhere nice and play while I waited for the end. He carried along walking through the mess, doing his best to avoid the blood that he himself had spilled and stopped at Max’s body and looked down. His heart was still beating. It was a good sign, he thought, for him that was - not for Max, who was no longer exactly mobile.

Carrying on, Igor hit the door to the cellar, and ignoring the smell, looked down as he heard the spitting and snarling and energy of the boys as they stood back to back fighting the vampires. They would be okay as long as they took on one at a time, and could retreat into the daylight if need be.

He was being lazy though, and he knew it. Even if the boys were doing what they had travelled halfway around the world to do, and once done would go home in triumph for having rid the world of the Coont. What he needed to do was make sure whilst it was still light that there was none left who could carry on with the Coont’s legacy. He looked to his watch. It was only 2 pm, and it had so far been a busy day. Having been humiliated in front of the world’s musical elite by a child, fought his way through a lair of vampires, killed a rival, saved a maiden, then killed a king.

Get down there, and finish them all off, and be done with it whilst you still can. He told himself as he walked down the stairs, smelling the dead bodies more with every step. He could see the boys clearer now. Sorin, holding the sword to a vampire who used to love to skateboard, as it stared at him, snarling back. The creature now hiding in a dugout crevice in the ceiling. The boys working cautiously, too afraid to get in there and strike. Stepping in, Igor joined them. The two boys now happy to see him, both standing there with their faces covered in blood.

“How many you got so far?”

Igor asked as he reached out and took back the sword he’d fought so many battles with centuries ago.

“One.” Sorin answered quickly.

One was good, Igor thought, killing vampires wasn’t easy. He knew that. Especially when you were fighting without the magic gift of immortality sitting in your top pocket.

Stepping forward and standing under the vampire, he stabbed up again into the demon’s stomach and, with the its arms flailing, brought it down off the ceiling. In the same instance it hit the ground, the vampire who used to hang around the art gallery doing flips and tricks on his skateboard ran teeth-first straight at him. Turning quickly in the half-light, Igor spun and struck the demon, sweeping his mighty sword through the creature’s midriff, cutting it straight in two and bringing it to the stone floor.

“Take it to the light,” he called out to the boys as he stepped further into the cellar, plucking the boys’ friend and scything it in half as he fell. The vampire’s innards spewing to the floor as it landed. Stepping over the vampire as it still swiped out with its taloned fingers, Igor carried on. Plucking and sweeping his way through the cellar. Ending the sad existence of the men, women, boys, and girls who liked to party and had been unlucky enough to end up on the contact list of Max’s phone.

Minutes later, Igor was done. Leaning against the cold stone wall in the darkness, he waited, his sword resting against his legs. The bodies of the vampire dead now withering, dragged away by the Lupei boys, and lined up in the daylight on the stairs.

He was tired, and his arms hurt from the weight of the sword. Not only that, he was becoming dizzy again. He called out,

“Hurry!”

Then picking up the sword, he entered the passageway which led to the small chamber room where he’d kept the gold.

I’ll go there last, he thought as he passed the doorway, see which of the boys look towards the chest.

“Stay close,” he called as he heard the boys join him and saw the shadow grow long before him from the little lights on Sorin’s remaining phone.

He moved quickly now through the passageway, checking the light switches that no longer worked as he went. The dim light from the boys behind following his blade as he scratched the tip of his sword into every nook and cranny he could find. They reached the chamber at the end of the passageway at the other side of the mansion from where the Coont had just died. Igor wondering how many years it had been since he had ventured this far down there himself, as he noticed the chairs and dresser he’d tucked away down there and long forgotten.

The chamber now full of cobwebs and dust, feeling stale and damp. There were two more vampires down there also hiding in the corner. Their eyes catching the light from the phone as Igor waved the beam about searching. Holding the light on them, they could see it was a woman and a man. The man, middle-aged in his expensive suit, along with Simone, still looking like the crack whore she once was in her short skirt and heels.

How did she get him down here? Igor thought as he looked to Simone, knowing the man would have had to step over the dead bodies in the process. But it had not been hard. The man in his expensive clothes who sold real estate and liked to throw ball bearings out of the window of his car in the hope of causing an accident, getting his kicks from the dark side. The man sensing the evil within the woman who was enticing him to her lair as the sun had begun to rise. The man allowing himself to be taken, knowing he himself could join her and become a true demon.

Igor moved forward as the two vampires sensed the imminent threat and moved up the wall and clung to the ceiling, waiting to pounce. It wasn’t good. Igor knew that it was dark in there, and if they started leaping about in the dusty chamber, it would be difficult to hit them without hitting the boys also with his sword. Especially with the way he was feeling now.

Without looking back, he said to the boys,

“Wait by the doorway and block it with your bodies. Hold your light one side of me and keep it there. Got it?”

They understood. Sinking back, the boys filled the opening to the chamber and shone the light to the right of the man with the scars holding his ancient sword to what must have been the two remaining vampires.

Then they came at him at the same time. Both vampires running along the ceiling and down the wall, cutting through the dense cobwebs as they went. Igor swung his sword one way, towards the bigger of the two vampires caught in the light, catching the man and forcing the blade directly through the vampires face, just as Simone landed on Igor’s side from the other direction and then felt the sharp stinging pain as she bit the side of his head. Swinging the man around with his blade, Igor tossed the real estate agent across the chamber towards the boys. Screaming out to them as the vampire landed at their feet.

“Press his neck to the floor like a cop and stake him!”

Skidding across the dirty stone floor, the real estate agent arrived with an open wound to his face at Cristi’s feet. Quickly he stamped on the vampire’s neck as it stopped, and with all his weight, he held him there. Feeling the vampire’s power as it tried to stand. Cristi looked to his cousin as he dropped his phone down and looked to line up the stake he held for a hit.

Spitting and screaming, the vampire clawed at Cristi’s leg as he desperately tried to stand and shield his chest from Sorin’s stake.

“Keep it in here, don’t let it get away,”

Igor called from the darkness through the shrill of the crack whore who was still clamped to the side of his head. Then he appeared next to the two of them. Kicking the man in the side, twisting the vampire’s body just enough for Sorin to line up and deliver the deadly spike into the vampire’s heart.

As the cheap dowel stake pierced the real estate agent’s favorite suit, his dying screams echoed loud around the chamber. Igor prized the snarling Simone from his side with the sword. Her sharp claw-like hands digging and cutting into the flesh on his arms and side.

Eventually, as Igor’s sword dug deeper than her claws could pierce his flesh, the woman let go and fell to the floor. Quickly Igor stabbed down with his sword, holding her to the stone floor as the blade caught her shoulder.

“Hit it now!” he shouted as Cristi bent down and with his foot still tight against the man’s throat, picked up Sorin’s phone and shone its light towards Igor’s voice.

Pulling another stake from his backpack, Sorin ran across the chamber and in one now-practiced two-fisted stab, hit Simone straight though her halter neck top and delivered the stake directly to the vampire’s heart.

Lifting his sword from the vampire’s shoulder, Igor looked at the boys who had done well. Both boys bleeding from wounds neither knew they had. Then Igor catching his breath said, “Come on, we’ve one more room.”

Walking down, they stopped outside the room where Igor kept his gold. Cristi wondering as they did how long the man with the scars had left, now that it seemed that maybe all the vampires had been killed and the Coont was dead.

Opening the door, Igor stepped in, tried the light switch, and seeing it wasn’t working, turned it back off.

“Let’s have a look,” he said, turning to the boys as Sorin shone the light from the phone about the room. The light sweeping through, hitting the ceiling and the chests. The room looked empty, no crevices or corners crammed with vampires with blood-red eyes waiting to pounce and drink their blood. Unable to help himself, Cristi asked,

“What’s in the chests?

Igor looked to the boy as he wondered if the kid already knew. He said,

“Go check.”

Thinking, maybe you’ll find your phone, as he did.

Cautiously Cristi walked to the chests, purposely opening the one he’d already looted from and saw its now hollow inside. The space where the gold had laid untouched almost as clean now as it had been when Igor had stacked his treasure centuries before.

Shocked, he turned and looked back to the source of Sorin’s phone light and seeing his phone now laying on the floor by the wall, shook his head. Then he walked over to the other chest he knew to be laden with gold and opened it to find it also empty.

Fuck, he thought as he stood there wondering where the fuck it had gone and just long enough for Igor to sense that the boy had not seen what he was expecting to find.

“All good?”

Igor asked as he then looked to Sorin for a reaction which did not come and at the same time wondered if he should die with his sword in his hand as the Vikings used to do. The violin would have been better, but that friend was already dead.

Cristi walked back to the door as Igor turned his back to the boys and stepped out into the passageway. His legs hurt now, as did his back. For a moment, he wondered if he’d even be able to hold the weight of his long sword once the time came. He said as he started to walk and sensed both boys following,

“Let’s check the rest of the house, and then once it’s clear of these creatures, we can relax.” Reaching the main cellar again, he carried on,

“Then you boys can think about what to do with your friend’s body.”

It was a good question and one that Sorin had had on his mind since it seemed that they were now winning this battle. They made it through the flies and up the stairs, stopping for a moment for Igor to check to see that Max’s heart was still beating. They walked into the main living room. Stopping in its center Igor looked about. The place was destroyed, as was the corridor that led to the kitchen. They checked the rest of the main floor and opened the doors and windows downstairs to the daylight. Then, they found themselves back in the foyer and on the stairs.

Cristi climbed the stairs without a look to Ray Raye’s head or Max’s eyes as they followed him. Small clouds of dust of what had once been Bullshit Bill drifted with the breeze wafting in from the open doors, as it passed through the mansion. Cristi wondering now if maybe this Billy guy had stashed the gold in the garden or upstairs even, since that’s where he’d found him. If not, it had to be outside, having not seen a trace of it whilst they’d tailed Igor as they’d searched the downstairs.

Both corridors were clean of demons up top, as were the six other wrecked bedrooms and, surprisingly, the attic.

“They like to stay low,”

Igor had said as they took the tight, narrow stairs back down from the attic. They stopped outside the master bedroom. Feeling more tired than he ever had in his life and dreading what he was about to find, having seen the rest of the rooms, Igor said,

“This one’s my bedroom.”

Then he opened the door to see the windows all painted black and Queen Josephine lying naked in his huge four-poster bed with the two dwarf boys, Luke and Broden.


