


CHAPTER TWENTY SIX

The first thing Igor heard as he walked into the room and the three vampires woke, was Queen Josephine saying to him,

“Get the fuck out of my bedroom room, slave!”

Ignoring her, Igor walked around the bed, picked up his favorite chair, and threw it straight through the blacked-out window. Seconds later as the light flooded the room and before the comfy chair had hit the lawn below, the two dwarf vampires, dressed only in their cowboy hats, were up and away from the light, and both clinging to the ceiling naked.

Caught naked herself in the daylight, Queen Josephine grabbed the bed covers. Trying to hide from the sudden daylight, she pulled them over herself as she lay on the bed and screamed out from under the covers,

“You’re fucking dead. I’ll have the Master kill you for this, you fucking asshole.”

“The master is already dead and soon you’ll be joining him,” said Igor calmly as he looked at the two naked dwarfs disappear into a tight hole the boys had dug earlier into the ceiling in the darkest corner of the room. Wisely ripping through the plaster with their claw-like fingers just in case they desperately needed to hide from the light once the sun had risen.

Turning his attention back to Josephine, Igor grabbed the covers and quickly whipped them off the bed. Tugging at them hard, ripping them away from her, as she hid until all that was left for her to hold onto with her long fingers with painted nails were shreds of Igor’s fine cotton sheet.

Terrified of the light, Josephine quickly looked around the room for the safety of darkness. Two boys held stakes at the door and the man with the scars stood firm with his sword between the hole in the ceiling the dwarfs had just escaped into and herself. The sun on her naked skin burning so intense now, it was as though she herself were standing inches from an enormous bonfire. Turning she began to scream at the heat as she tried to take it on her back, and then her side, and then her front as she rolled around and around trying to escape from the sun’s rays.

The boys watching as this beautiful woman rolled around naked in the sun on the huge old four poster bed. Her long, dark hair flipping as she spun from side to side until she could no longer move at all. Her long beautiful legs, her perfect ass, her tight stomach, and wonderful breasts on full view. They looked to her face as she looked back at them. Her striking lips mouthing, help me.... help me, as her skin began to flake away, and her body turned to ash, until all that was left was her fragile skeletal remains.

Then, as if he had been hit by an unseen force, Igor stumbled forward slightly and caught himself with his hands on the bed. His eyes looked up to the two Lupei boys as he placed his sword down. Pushing the vampire queen’s skeletal remains to the side, he laid down next to her ashes on his bed.

It had come sudden for Igor, as he’d felt his body’s energy draining away at almost the same moment the Coont’s queen had died and turned to ash. Breathing deeply, he looked up to the hole in the ceiling where the two dwarfs hid, and who now looked down upon him with their beady red eyes laughing. His mind wanting to stand and rip the ceiling away with his sword, spear them, and bring them also to the light. But his body was not allowing him the pleasure.

He was dying, he knew that, the man now feeling his life force leaving his body for the second time in his life.

Without looking to Sorin and Cristi, he simply said out loud,

“Boys, you must kill them while there’s light.” The panic setting in as he lay there fully remembering the fear and desperation he’d felt centuries before after the child warrior had snuck up under him in the heat of battle. Forcing his short sword up and into Igor’s stomach from below as Igor swung his mighty blade which now lay between him and Queen Josephine’s remains on the four-poster bed.

Igor the most feared warrior, brought down by a child. The great man lying there centuries before in the darkness of a muddied battlefield as his life slipped away without peace. His mind back then in death seeing the ghosts of those who had died themselves by his sword in amongst other demons. Demons whose souls consisted of nothing less than just pure evil. Ghosts that now roamed the half-life. Eyeless, skeletal monsters in dark robes, carrying axes and scythes, tormenting other newly departed souls as they tried to take their next journey to the hereafter. Unimaginable beasts who had waited for Igor’s demise so as they could exact their revenge.

Igor laying there terrified in the cold, wet mud on the battlefield as his life slipped away. Seeing now for the first time, the souls of the evil men he’d killed walk slowly towards him alongside horrific creatures in what seemed like an age. Spirits who knew he was now defenseless and weak in death. Demonic ghosts singling him out amongst the newly dead which lay around him, whose souls he saw drifting away unscathed. Igor’s terrified spirit knowing they would now hold him for an eternity, torturing, humiliating, and crushing his soul and spirit as they inflicted upon him their perpetual wrath.

And now he saw these same spirits come again. The man with scars feeling the same terror he’d felt as he’d lay dying on the sodden battlefield centuries ago - this time though with no vampire to save him. The man with scars, reluctantly accepting the fate which he’d tried for centuries to avoid, as his spirit slowly left his body. Piece by piece, breath by breath.

Until he was gone. Gone from this world, transported back to exactly where he’d left off centuries before. Igor, the warrior, lying in the mud, choking on his own blood, on a battlefield as a child stood before him holding a bloodied short sword. Igor, the warrior, seeing the light fade from his eyes as he felt the life force leave his body. Igor, the warrior, seeing the same demons coming for him again, tormenting him, as though the long, lonely life he’d known and lived after ridding the mortal world from the vampire curse that surrounded them had been for nothing.

************

The Lupei boys stood there and felt the loss of the great warrior as the sun streamed through the smashed-out window. The man with the scars dead before them, laying on his bed in amongst the ashes of a beautiful vampire. Seemingly at the same time, they both took a deep breath. What they’d set out to do from the start had been accomplished. But somehow, they did not feel complete.

They could see the eyes of the two dwarfs peering back at them as they looked up at the hole they’d dug themselves in the ceiling at the corner of the room. They had to kill them, they knew that, but now they were on their own without the strength and cunning of the man with the scars.

Pulling his phone from his pocket, Cristi looked at it as he checked its battery life. Walking forward, Sorin moved to the side of the bed.

He felt the dead weight of the great man’s sword as he pulled it from beside Igor’s body, walking to the corner of the room Sorin stopped, then just as he’d seen Igor do so many times before that day, he stabbed the blade quickly up into the newly dug hole. As quick as the blade thrusted up into the hole, there was movement, and like huge rats running in the rafters, they heard the two boys move fast across the ceiling above, then settle. Trying to trace the sound, Cristi put the phone back in his pocket as he followed below, looking up at the painted white textured ceiling as the noise from the boys’ movement bled through. Looking to Cristi, Sorin asked, “You found your phone?”

“It was on the floor down in the cellar,”

Cristi replied as he looked up to the ceiling. Saying straight after,

“All the gold was gone. Every bit.”

Showing little concern, Sorin stared at the ceiling.

“Let’s kill these little fuckers first, then get a photo of us with the big man?”

Grabbing a remaining chair which matched the one laying on its back in the garden, he positioned it directly below the scratching sound. Climbing up, Sorin stood with his face now two feet from the ceiling. Then with both hands holding the heavy sword he rammed it through the ceiling’s plaster and into the crawl space above. Pulling the sword back out again and bringing plaster down with it, Sorin stepped down off the chair. The noise of the dwarf boys scuttling in different directions across the ceiling made more frustrating by the sound of their now incessant laughter.

Walking around the bed, the boys looked up at the ceiling, trying to gather where the boys had stopped. Picking a corner, Cristi pointed up. He pulled over the chair, gesturing to Sorin to hand him the sword. Taking it, he climbed up and stood on the chair. Then with a huge lunging push upwards, he forced the sword through the ceiling.

************

Crying with laughter, Luke and Broden laid on their sides in the ghost-lit crawl space above the bedroom ceiling, the blade of the sword coming through the plaster for the second time and just missing Broden’s face, knocking his cowboy hat from his head.

Quickly scurrying like vermin, they made it to the other side of the room, and waited, as they held onto their sides, trying not to laugh but seemingly unable to contain it.

Looking through the darkness, Broden stared at his brother’s bare ass as they lay there giggling. Reaching out with his hand, he took a swing, smacking his buttocks as hard as he could, making his brother scream and spin away just as the blade came through the ceiling again in the exact spot he’d been laying.

They moved off again, their arms and legs holding their naked bodies inches off the uneven surface of the ceiling’s plaster work as they scurried across the top of the plaster in the tight crawl space. Settling again at the other side of the room, they listened as they heard the chair being dragged back and forth as the boys spoke to each other in a language the twins could not understand.

It was too much, this ride they were on. The incredible fun they were now having. Causing havoc within the mansion they had strangely been drawn to. Climbing on chairs or the backs of sofas to suck the blood from as many slutty women they could find. The two young men wandering about the mansion in their cowboy outfits, trying at the same time to get laid in the process.

The cocaine-laden blood of every victim that filled their stomachs making them more and more bold. The boys, finding themselves the center of attention as they swung like circus acrobats from chandelier to chandelier. Their short legs hanging below them as they went. The two young lads who’d come into town looking for pussy and fun not content until they’d brought both chandeliers crashing down, smashing Napoleon’s ancient hand-carved crystal into smithereens.

Then, in their glory and filled with bravado, they’d set their sights on Josephine. This wonderous, long-haired Amazonian creature, this goddess. With her leather boots, big titties, and seductive red lips. The two boys following her, hounding her with compliments, using seductive lines throughout the night to get her in the mood as they’d snuck a cheeky feel of her inner thigh or her ass. Copping a little squeeze of her breasts as they whispered through her long hair into her ear, ‘We the disciples of Coont Draculi - comandeth thou spit roast thee.’

Eventually as the night wore thin and the sun started to rise, the Coont had left the party. Swinging his cape as he’d walked back across the shattered crystal as high as a kite with blood dripping from his lips. Shouting about how he was the greatest vampire who’d ever lived and believing every word as he headed to his lair, and as the tingle in Josephine’s pants came, she’d grabbed both the young cowboys by the hand and walked with them by her side to her newly blacked-out bedroom and made their dreams come true.

Now though they had a bit of an issue as there were a couple of young men of about the same age trying to kill them. Not that they cared. This whole adventure they were on being such great fun. Even the daylight which made its way up through the ever-growing holes in the ceiling that burnt their skin was funny. For the other twin watching his brother getting his ass burnt, at least.

Luke and Broden moved to the side that led deeper into the mansion and away from the window. They stopped at the brick wall which separated Igor’s master bedroom from the corridor outside. Picking up solid lumps of plaster and biting his lip, Luke watched as he threw the chunks from one side to the next. Then waited for the sword blade to poke hard up through the plasterwork as they landed.

Instinct telling them they needed to be quick now. The holes appearing in the center of the ceiling were leaking light upwards into the tight crawl space, leaving them little room to maneuver.

************

Having dragged another chair into the center of the room, the two Lupei boys stood next to each other and, using the sword, cut another hole into the ceiling plaster. It was obvious the dwarfs were like rats and near on impossible to spear in the way they had been trying to for the last couple of minutes. Now though, they had decided on a different approach, which entailed cutting a huge hole in the center of the ceiling and then pulling the rest down with their bare hands, until mother nature took over, and daylight did the rest.

So far, they had eight holes opened up, each with a radius of around three feet. All they needed now was maybe twice or three times as many. Then, they’d be able to pry the roof down with just the sword and their bare hands.

Keeping it up, the boys continued to dig as the plaster began to rain down upon them and Igor lying dead on the bed. They hit sixteen holes all in a circle. Feeling the sword’s weight, they dug it in deep until it made purchase on something inside, then hung on the sword’s handle until the center of the plaster roof gave and caved in.

************

Like the little rodents squeezing though a tiny hole in a broken drain pipe, the boys pushed through into the next ceiling section on the other side of the door to Igor’s grand bedroom just as the ceiling crashed down.

The boys having dug hard with their claw-like nails at the mortar between the bricks until one became loose and the rest followed suit, just in time for them to hear and feel the centre of the bedroom fall. Now they sat again in the darkness and watched from afar as Sorin’s head appeared in the light through the hole in the wall they had just dug. Sitting still, the boys waited, knowing now it would be wise to start taking these two foreigners armed with a huge sword seriously.

Waiting for his eyes to adjust, Sorin dropped back down for a moment before the two dwarf twins saw his head reappear. His hand lifting up and holding his phone which shone its weak beam around in the darkness. Broden remembering now, as he watched the beam hold in the hole they’d just squeezed through that he had left his own phone in the bedroom, along with his clothes. Looking at his brother sitting there in just his cowboy hat, he began to laugh again in the same manner they had whenever they’d been in trouble and stood together in the principal’s office at school.

Regaining their composure, the twins sat and stayed quiet. It was dark at this spot, with room enough for them to sit upright instead of being cramped as they had been in the area above the bedroom. Both knowing it was a good place to wait out the day until night came. Looking to his brother, Broden whispered,

“Looks like we got one into queenie just in time.”

Then just as they were starting to giggle again, the man with the scar’s sword came bursting through the corridor’s ceiling right between the two of them. It was going to be a long wait until the sun went down.


