


CHAPTER TWENTY SEVEN

Hamza opened the door, twisted his body, and got out of the car, feeling the searing pain in his muscles and joints as he stood.

Taking a deep breath, he adjusted his cap and looked to the clouds. “Allah Akbar,” he whispered under his breath as he stood proud. He knew with his God at his side, he had defeated this evil curse that had enveloped his subconsciousness like a fog. He touched his neck where he’d been bitten by the man with the white face who’d sat behind him talking ancient Arabic in the taxi. The two holes now scabbed up nicely. He was thirsty, and from what he could tell, he needed a change of clothes. Walking to the back of the cab, he opened the trunk and looked inside for a change of underpants and trousers and found nothing. He could feel dried poop in his crotch area, and his trousers were covered in dry piss stains. But he was alive and breathing, Allah be praised. His faith in the Koran had saved him.

Looking to the front of the mansion, he wondered if he should go inside to get some water or something. Instinct though was, to jump back in his taxi and get himself out of there whilst he still could. If he did, he could be back home with his wife and children in less than an hour, and food, drink and a bath would follow shortly after.

But whereas for the last few days it had only been the words of the Koran that he’d allowed to enter his mind, the Arabic word for truck - shahina - was there now just as strong and drawing him to the garden with a force greater than his dire need for food and water or clean underpants. It was an urge, a compulsion that centered around that one word. A word easily as strong as the evil dark fog which had surrounded him and tried to take over his soul.

Unable to outthink himself, Hamza walked cautiously through the garden as the word shahina drifted through his tired mind.

He looked about, but there were no trucks in the driveway. Just a gold Tesla a couple of Mercedes, big SUVs, and other sports cars. Taking a deep breath, he shook his head. He was thirsty and starving, and his ass was burning with this rash he was dreading to look at.

Then he made a decision. He was going home. Home to his wife, home to his two kids. Feeling the burning down below with every movement, he got back in his car. Hit the button to start, looked at the battery life then once more to the front door of the mansion and pulled away, hearing the skeleton of the young girl crunch under his tires as he went.

Pulling the taxi up off the drive and onto the grass, he maneuvered around the cars left scattered about. Never to be driven again by a group of men and women who had the misfortune to know and be enticed by a text sent by a drug dealer turned vampire slave.

Swinging around a white sedan, Hamza took the taxi off the grass and back onto the driveway. Looking forward he saw the smashed-up gate at the end of the drive. Then as the word shahina once again thumped through his mind, a single beam of sun burst from the clouds and found its way through the canopy, catching a spark of life off the grille of Bullshit Bill’s truck as it sat with its ass hidden deep within the trees.

Hamza looked at the vehicle now, with its big Fuck you, Ford sign on the grille. How on earth had I not seen it in the first place? he wondered. Putting his vehicle into reverse, he drove the taxi backwards back down the drive until it lined up like a T in front of the Ford’s grille. With his ass stinging like crazy, Hamza got out and walked over to the vehicle.

As soon as he got to the vehicle’s front window, he saw it. The dull gold bars on the front passenger seat calling him like the last doughnut in a police canteen. With one look through the trees to the front of the mansion, Hamza tried the doors. Then, not messing about, he picked up a rock and smashed the side window. Reaching through, he opened the front passenger’s door.

Picking up the gold bar, he felt its weight and looked at the inscription carved in ancient Arabic along its center, saying simply -Allah maeak - God is with you.

************

The two Lupei boys stood at the end of the upstairs corridor and looked at the hole they’d just dug through the ceiling in their attempt to kill the two dwarfs. They had tried everything they could think of, including mirrors, but nothing they did could get to them. The man with scars had certainly made it look easy.

Cristi standing there looking up, still holding the sword, with half his mind on where Bullshit Bill had stashed the gold and unaware that as he did, it was being packed into the back of an already overloaded hybrid taxi sitting in the trees out front.

With a deep breath, Sorin wandered back to the bedroom, looking into the holes they’d made, and came back.

“I know the little fuckers are up there.”

And they were up there, the two boys now sitting silently above them, hidden in a crevice, and about twelve feet from where Cristi and Sorin now stood.

Shaking his head, Sorin walked to the window and looked out. Coming back, he leaned against a wooden beam and stared at the original paintings opposite him on the wall. Watching him, Cristi asked,

“You think these paintings are worth anything?”

Walking over and giving them a closer look, Sorin stared at the paintings and after a brief pause, said,

“Doubt it.”

Looking down, he tried to read the artists’ signatures scrawled at the bottom corners of the bold paintings full of colour and life, masterpieces, depicting ballet and an old bedroom soaked in daylight.

“Degass, or something like that. The other ones I don’t know. Matisse? Mattress? Maybe it’s just saying that to tell you it’s a bed?”

“I hate that old shit,” Cristi said as he lifted himself off the wall with his shoulders and moved in to get a closer look as he heard Sorin whisper into his cousin’s ear.

“We could be doing this all day. Looking at this old crap and trying to catch these little fuckers. I’d say we’ve only got a few hours left before dark, and then they’ll be away into the night. Let’s burn the place to the ground and end it?”

Cristi looked at him, then said,

“What about the gold?”

The boy worrying about a fortune in gold being left behind as he stared at original French impressionist paintings that lined the walls.

“What fucking gold? Tell me, what’s more important?” Sorin snapped back. “You want to leave these fuckers alive to carry on this fucking nightmare? Two days ago, you were going to blow the place to fuck anyway, so what’s the difference?”

Cristi looked at the sword and despite the fact he’d just been smashing it through the ceiling like a crazy man for the last while, he felt its weight again. Letting the nightmare carry on? His cousin was right. He didn’t need that, even in his greed. Especially if he got sent back here by the ‘family’ and then had to listen to his uncles all over again. There was no denying it, he’d seen the carnage and the lives destroyed in the Coont’s wake and unlike Philippe, he’d been lucky.

“Okay, let’s do it, burn the fuckers out and be done,” he spat out as he resigned himself to letting the gold go for the good of humanity. He gave a moment’s thought about how to do it. Then he carried on saying,

“Stay here. I’ll go empty the tanks of the cars out front and we’ll coat the place from top to bottom in fuel. Hopefully it’ll be burnt to the ground before the fire trucks arrive.”

It was a good plan, because when you get right down to it, the boy did love a fire.

************

Feeling his ass pucker as he walked through the dark corridors, Cristi made it to the top of the stairs and walked quickly down. He passed through the mess in the foyer without a second glance to the two heads and Max’s separated torso. He stepped out through the front door into the sun.

The taxi they’d seen sitting in the same place on every drive through was now gone from its usual spot and sitting low and stationary with its suspension bottomed out in the entranceway gate. Its driver now walking about with what looked to Cristi like a limp.

It was a good thing, he thought, the guy up there standing out in the sun, was obviously not a creature of the night. If he was stuck there with his car, then all the better. It would be one more hold up for the fire trucks when they came.

He hurried around to where the garage was and, leaning down, tried to lift the large buckled front door with its latch. It was stuck. Then he walked around to its side. Finding that door to be locked as well, he kicked it in. The garage with its little window at the side was dark, but not vampire dark, Cristi thought as he looked around. The black Mercedes parked to one side and the rafters above all clear of demons. The shelves were full, old containers dating back, from what he could tell, to the start of the last century all the way up until this year. But only one small metal fuel can, which, judging by its weight, was half full.

Fuck, Cristi thought as he checked about the place for the gold at the same time as he looked for whatever he could find that said ‘flammable.’

Two minutes later, he was back outside carrying the fuel can and as much paint, thinners, and anything else he thought would go bang in his arms. He reached the top of the steps by the front door and stopped to look at the width of the large door before glancing out again to the driveway and the weird cab driver looking at him from the gate.

He climbed the stairs and, this time, passed through the dark corridors without a thought for any demons they’d missed that could be lurking. He reached Sorin. The young man still standing in the same spot, holding Igor’s sword as he looked up towards one of the holes in the ceiling.

“That taxi driver’s moved, but he’s only got as far as the gate.”

Not interested in the least, Sorin said,

“They’re right here, I know it. I heard one of them laughing.”

Cristi looked up for a moment into the darkness of the hole.

“Fuck it, who cares? We’ll burn the place to the ground, and it won’t matter where they’re hiding.”

Sorin wasn’t certain. The house was old; it wasn’t like the place was entirely made of wood. Places like this didn’t fall to the ground that easy.

“How do you know it’ll take?” Sorin said as he looked to Cristi, watching as his cousin dropped all the cans to the floor, scraping a bunch of large gouges into the polished wooden floor as they landed. Carrying on, Sorin told him his concerns.

“There’s wood, yeah, but most of the place is brick and stone. It’s a big place. How do you know the whole place is gonna burn?”

He pointed to the walls which Cristi saw were now empty. The frames from the paintings now all smashed up in a pile, covering the scrunched-up painted canvases pushed against the wall at the end of the corridor.

“I’ve used all that old painting shit to get a bonfire ready down there at the other end. Not sure if that’s going to be enough though?”

But Sorin had wasted his time because there wasn’t going to be an issue. On his way back up, Cristi had worked that part out. With a smile, Cristi said,

“If there’s a couple of cars burning in the foyer by the stairs, that should be enough to torch this place.”

************

By the time they had made it outside, Hamza’s taxi was gone. The newly arrived immigrant who’d used his faith to overcome evil, also overcoming the now overloaded taxi’s weight issue in getting up the drive. With a hammer and a screwdriver from the garage, Cristi opened a locked SUV’s door, smashed and turned the ignition. Sitting there in the driver’s seat he looked to the front of the mansion. He had about an inch on either side to squeeze the car through the front entrance door and if he hit it reasonably clean, the momentum and power of the vehicle would take out the door and frame, and that would give him the slack he perhaps needed to get him inside.

So with that in mind and his seatbelt on, Cristi lined up the now ownerless Forerunner at the top of the driveway and powered it down the slope, winding through the now abandoned cars. Lining the car back up, he hit the steps with a thump, and with the front wheels still in the air, caught the left hand side of the open entranceway, ripping out the side of the vehicle and wooden door and frame and smashed his way into the foyer. Parking the SUV in amongst the ash and crystal and human heads on the marble floor.

“That’ll do it,”

Cristi said as he got out, still wearing a shit-eating grin as the adrenaline from the ride flowed through his body. Looking to Sorin as he entered through the now destroyed doorway, he said,

“Let’s put another one in the garage?”

Five minutes later, they’d done that also and another Mercedes with a box full of ball bearings spilled out all over the car’s floor was sitting ass-backward next to Igor’s Mercedes. The fancy car rammed up against the garage bench, along with the garage doors, which the boys had not bothered to open properly, now sitting on top of the car.

With both sides of the mansion covered, they soaked the main upstairs floor with what Cristi had already brought up along with all the flammable substances they could find in the bedrooms.

Stopping for a moment and clearing the dust and plaster from the four-poster bed and Igor’s body, the two Lupei boys then began to set Igor up for a Vikings funeral. Pouring the last remaining bottles of the man’s finest single malt around him on the mattress, they pulled out a lighter and lit it up. The yellow flame catching the whisky’s vapor, sending blue flames chasing around the scarred warrior’s body for a moment, before the nylon mattress cover top took over, delivering violent flames up toward the broken ceiling until there was nothing to see except smoke.

With the master bedroom burning strong, Sorin ran to the other end of the corridor. Bending down he took the lighter to the stack of paintings, watching briefly as they started to burn. Then they hit the downstairs, and did the same to the inside of the car as it sat discarded in the mansion’s foyer, before moving quickly through to the kitchen.

Turning on the gas, they then exited through the broken side door and ran around to the front. Lighting both Mercedes in the garage on fire from inside, they retreated back to the shelter of the trees. Pulling their backpacks from their backs, they then stood and watched the show as the black smoke billowed out from the back of the mansion and spilled from the burning cars through the front door and from the garage. Taking a deep breath Sorin quietly said.

“Adios Phillipe my friend.”

Looking towards his cousin then back to the burning building, Cristi shook his head.

“Yeah adios amigo, you brave fuck.”

Then as the air pressure changed, they felt themselves rocked by the huge explosion which followed. First from the SUV in the foyer as the tank went up, and then from the two Mercedes in the garage. Soon after, it seemed as though the whole mansion was fully ablaze as thick black smoke rose up into the sky, and explosions came and went with varying ferocity.

“How long before the fire department gets here?” Cristi asked as he looked to Sorin and watched him smile at the flames as they billowed and belched thick black smoke from the blown-out windows.

Sorin, glancing to the now-empty gate, said,

“Soon enough, I’m sure. Five minutes I’d say. Longer though, if we put another burning vehicle in their way.”

Without another word, Sorin walked away, picking the nearest car, he smashed the driver’s side window along with the steering lock. Then felt the roar of the engine and the wind whipping in through the broken window as he drove the car hard up the driveway and smashed it at an angle, firmly wedging it between the entranceway’s stone posts. Climbing out of the rear door, Sorin got out, before leaning in again, and stayed there until Cristi could see smoke begin to billow out of the car’s broken window.

Moments later, he was back with Cristi, standing there admiring his work as priceless antiques and paintings burnt along with Philippe and everything else within the mansion. The smoke rising high into the sky from the front and back as they heard the first of the fire trucks from afar begin to make their way up the mountain.



