

CHAPTER TWENTY EIGHT

The two cowboy dwarfs dropped from the ceiling and ran naked through the corridors as the smoke spilled out and blanketed the sunlight. Both boys taking advantage of the black smoke that rose from below as they climbed out of the upper floor corridor window and clung to the outer brick and stone with their claw-like fingers.

They looked through the heavy smoke as it sheltered them from the sun’s deadly rays to the canopied shelter of the trees in the distance. Like lizards running across a wall, they followed the smoke, using its cover, as they breathed it’s deadly fumes into their lungs, and suffered the heat from the flames. Then they stopped, and clinging to stonework, they waited, tucking themselves into the eaves of the mansion’s roof high above the kitchen.

With an almighty bang, the gas blew in the kitchen below, sending flame and smoke deep out into the garden. Clinging on as the shockwave intensified and the heat rose, the boys waited, watching the black smoke as it spewed out from beneath them and drifted skywards, mixing with the upstairs smoke they had already found sanctuary within.

Taking the opportunity of further cover from the sun, the boys ran on all fours, scurrying down the burning hot wall headfirst towards the ground along the stonework. Hitting the grass, they looked up as the smoke cloud from the kitchen explosion rose, rolling inward on itself high into the sky. The smoke, thick and black and impenetrable in the afternoon sun.

Wasting no time and using the temporary cover, the boys moved quickly on. Feeling the blown-out window glass beneath their little feet as they ran, passing the rose beds and lawn until they reached the sheltered cover of the trees.

With no time to spare, the boys made it all the way through the trees and stopped at the high garden wall at the edge of the property. Looking up through the thick canopy of leaves, they searched for any pocketed natural window which could suddenly allow the sun’s deadly rays to come crashing through and take them down.

Unsure, Broden looked to his brother. They needed to be inside and away from the sun’s toxicity. Looking down to the moss-covered earth, they both knew the answer. Getting beneath ground was the way to go, and like a couple of moles on a putting green, they both began to dig.

And it was there they had waited, buried in the ground, listening as the fire trucks and men arrived, dousing the flames with their giant anaconda-like hoses, squirting God’s water into the burning home and onto the ashes of demons.

************

Using the cover of the trees, the two Lupei boys moved down through the garden as the fire trucks arrived. Watching as the firefighters made quick work of the car Sorin had rammed into the entranceway. The two boys feeling the fire’s heat from within the trees as the mansion burnt, pouring smoke high into the afternoon sky.

As the fire trucks made their way entering the driveway with their lights and sirens still blaring, the Lupei boys moved down the garden. Passing the side of the house where the kitchen used to be. The two boys stopping to admire their handy work, as the flames billowed out of the back side of the mansion. Sorin looking like a student, still carrying his backpack and holding onto Igor’s long sword. The boy thinking about the two dwarf vampires stuck in the ceiling as they burnt to death, unaware to the fact they stood close to the shallow grave the two small vampires had dug for themselves.

Cristi still smarting, and wondering if some fireman would be lucky enough to find his gold and whether the artwork he’d seen on the walls they’d just burnt to ash really did have value. Sorin now without a care.

They reached the wall at the rear of the property, scaled it quickly and ten minutes later, hit the bridge as they headed south towards the airport. Relief fire trucks noisily passing them in the other direction as they went. Both boys already reciting in their minds their versions of the stories they would tell their families as they sat like heroes.

Cristi wishing the taxi holding up traffic as it rode low and annoyingly slow in front of them would get a move on. The kid sitting in the passenger seat with his small bag of gold between his feet. The young man feeling rich and playing with his hair calling out, “loser!” as he held his right hand, making the loser sign above his eyes.

Hamza sitting uncomfortably in his bottomed out taxi laden with the gold Christi so coveted as the boys passed by. The Moroccan moving so slow in the fear his car, now so heavy, would never stop when he needed it to.

Sorin now richest of them all as he drove with his backpack sitting on his lap. The bag now full of the rolled up canvases painted by the hands of struggling artists who had in their deaths become masters. Priceless works of unseen art he’d cut from all the picture frames he could find in the house, before smashing the frames up, and mixing them with torn sheets to fool Cristi into thinking he’d turned them into a bonfire in the upstairs corridor.

************

It was dark when Luke and Broden pulled themselves out of the earth, moss and leaves in which they had buried themselves deep within the mansion’s forest.

The two cowboy dwarfs waiting hours standing naked within the trees. Scuttling quickly up into the canopy like rodents, resisting their thirst for blood, as the firemen stepped into the trees to piss.

By mid-evening, all that was left were the smoldering remains of the mansion a six-hundred-year-old man whose face was covered in scars had once called home. Just one bored cop now sat playing with his phone and police computer at the gate as the two boys whipped past him. Wiggling their little asses as they walked along the road in the darkness, both still smelling the charred remnants of the mansion that hung in the air which was supposed to have been their tomb.

Taking a right at the end of the road, they made their way down hill until the mansion’s grounds were behind them, and the fire was no more than a memory. The night air feeling good on their naked skin. The boys still seeing the funny side of the situation as they joked and stripper-slapped each other’s asses. Passing houses as they went and looked for new prey.

A minivan sat in the drive of an old rancher which had once been the proud home of a man and woman who were since long gone. The place now rented to a family whose kids wished they lived nearer the park. The mum loving the view whilst her husband paid for it all doing a job she’d never bothered to understand. The kids’ bikes sitting discarded on the lawn they were supposed to have mowed the previous weekend.

Stopping, the boys looked at the bicycles. They were about the right size for them, so naturally, the kids’ clothes would be a good fit also. They walked up the drive, checking the backdoor to the minivan, then the garage door straight after.

They opened the unlocked door to the garage and looked about. There were no kids’ clothes hanging ready to go on hangers. Both boys still pissed after losing their sacred hats, the first burning above the ceiling along with Igor during his bedroom cremation and the second stolen by a fireman who’d found it on the grass.

Looking to the washer and dryer, Luke walked over, opened the door, and pulled out from inside two cowboy outfits. Holding them up to his naked chest, he looked to himself in a old floor mirror and saw nothing. Turning to his brother, he asked,

“How do I look?”

“Cheap.”

And the clothes were cheap - fancy dress cheap. But something was better than nothing.

“You want to stay as you are?” replied Luke as he slipped the top on and looked to the arms that were a little too long. He pulled them up to his elbows and slipped on the pants. Then he looked around for the matching plastic cowboy hats and found them discarded on the floor.

The two boys stepped outside and looked at each other as they stood on the driveway.

“I must look fucking stupid,”

Broden said as he stared at his brother, now fully kitted out with his new cowboy outfit they’d just stolen. The sight of Luke reminding him of his own first cowboy outfit as a kid, when at the rodeo, he’d felt like half the school had watched him and laughed after he’d stepped up to ride a pony and fallen straight off the other side.

“You look good,”

Luke told him with his eyes to the house now and his mind on feeding. Broden saying straight back, “I’m thirsty.” And so was Luke. In fact, he hadn’t been as thirsty as this since he’d tried to eat a dozen creme crackers for a bet.

“Let’s see who’s in?” he said as he walked straight to the door and rang the bell.

Moments later, the door opened. The kids’ mum standing there on the welcome mat just inside the front door. She looked at the two dwarfs outside with dirty faces wearing her sons’ clothes. Then, she asked straight away,

“You with the rodeo?”

Luke laughed for moment, then said,

“We’ve come to see your sons. Can we come in?”

“No,” the mother answered without the slightest hesitation.

“Can they come out then?”

“No,” the mother answered again. As her mother’s intuition kicked in one notch further, she asked,

“Aren’t you too old to be hanging around with ten-year-olds?”

They were, and they knew it. Then it hit Luke, as he thought back to the night before at the mansion when he’d remembered watching the Coont seduce girl after girl with his eyes. The women falling under his spell as they came to the Coont, one following the other as they offered their necks to him so as he could feed. Then as his mind went back to his own seductive words that had worked on his queen. Closing both his eyes halfway and staring up just as the Coont had and leaning his head back slightly, he raised his little hand towards the woman. With his little fingers gesturing for her to come to him, he said in a low vampy drone as he showed off his fangs,

“Cometh to thou master.”

Looking to the little man’s teeth, the woman stared back at Luke as saliva dripped down from his fangs.

“Surender thy for we be the disciples of the Coont Draculi. For the rodeo awaits thee.”

Then, without a moment’s hesitation, the woman who didn’t really love her husband simply said,

“Fuck off, you little prick.”

And closed the door.

Luke stood there and stared at the door, which had just slammed shut, inches from his face. It wasn’t the first time in his life the little man had been rejected, and this reminder of the past made the memories sting even harder. Smiling, Broden said as he stood there in the woman’s kids’ cowboy outfit,

“Maybe little person rodeos are not her thing?”

They moved on, walking out of the drive, and headed further along the road until they reached the next house with its lights on. The neighborhood dark and completely deserted, bar the residents tucked away in their small fancy homes.

Not yet knowing the rules, Broden asked, “Why we knocking, why don’t we just go in and get it on?”

His brother, in the know, having watched the odd cheesy vamp movie late at night, shook his head as he looked to the house. The woman inside cleaning the floor with her vacuum visible through the curtain less window.

************

Lynn Mile pushed her new vacuum cleaner around the carpet for the second time that night. The retired woman in her fifties, fresh over from the south coast seaside town of Bournemouth in the UK. The woman who liked a drink, alone on a six-month house swap and already bored. The dust and every spec of dirt which had blown in from the nearby fire, all sucked away into the bagless collection cylinder of her new Dyson cleaner.

The distraction of the fire had been nice, especially with all the firemen close by up the road. The English lady feeling all horny after polishing off her first bottle of booze and watching the sexy fire guys running about with their hoses as she wondered if the man with scars who lived in the mansion had been killed, and if now she’d ever find out whether he also had scars on his dick.

Lynn Mile, barely upright, glass in hand, giving the firemen the eye as the mansion burned and ash from the fire fell down around them. The woman from Bournemouth watching, close to her new neighbour who liked to dress her mouthy kids as cowboys. The same mother come trophy wife, whom Lynn thought was a bitch, eyeing up the firemen just the same.

Walking to the kitchen, she opened the cabinet, pulled out her second bottle of the day, and topped up the glass that she’d drained empty while she’d tested her new vacuum.

Then just as she filled her glass to the brim and moved to the fridge, she heard the knock on the door. With her glass in her hand, Lynn walked to the front door, crashing into the furniture as she went. Opening it, she looked at the two dwarfs standing there in their cowboy outfits, and thinking she was seeing double again due to the drink. She said,

“Well, hello little person.”

The two dwarfs looked at each other, wondering why the woman only thought there was one of them standing there. They also hated that ‘little person’ phrase, having heard it all their lives. They stared up at the woman in the doorway with her glazed eyes and drink in hand, as they heard the woman ask,

“Have you lost your horse?”

They hadn’t lost anything, apart from their souls and their treasured cowboy hats. Answering, Luke said boldly,

“No - We’ve come for you.”

Then Luke held his hand up to the woman, staring into her bloodshot eyes with his own that looked remarkably similar. Baring his teeth, he once again mimicked the Coont as he tried to pull the woman out of the door with his mind.

“Cometh to the masters, for we are the disciples of Coont Draculi”

Lynn stared at the little fella’s teeth as Luke stood still, and Broden moved about, making her dizzy. Wondering if this was some sort of joke, she looked about, suddenly sure, her friend Laura who lived close by was about to jump, drink in hand, out of the bushes. When it didn’t happen, and it looked like the coast was clear, she said straight back,

“Ooooh no - you can come to me.” she said to Luke, looking him in the eye, as he stood there unmoving, whilst Broden still shifted himself from side to side.

“Stand still, would you?” smiling, Lynn then asked.

“Where’d you get those teeth?”

“I - am - a - vampire.” Luke replied as he held his hand out, with his palm raised, towards her.

“Really?”

“Yes. We are from the mansion, we are the disciples of the Coont Draculi.” Luke said again, enjoying the feeling of power over women he now felt.

“We are here to seduce you and make you our queen.”

“Well, if you’re vampires, then I’d better invite you in.”

Lynn replied as she stood there still unable to work out why the little man was talking as though there was someone else there with him.

Feeling the Coont’s force radiating from within, the boys stepped into the woman’s home and followed her to the living room. Lynn standing there confused, with her drink in one hand and the other over her right eye. The woman looking at the little fellas now standing on her rug. Letting her hand drop from her eye she looked at the two boys with both eyes and picking up the opened bottle of booze, said,

“Would the four of you like some of this?”

“It is blood we seek - for we have thirst.” replied Luke as he looked up at the woman and showed off his fangs.

With what felt like more liquor in her own blood than blood itself, Lynn said to the boys as she stood there taking the lead and swaying,

“As you fellas are vampires, you betta pull up a chair and bite me?”

Feeling the thirst, the two boys did just that as they pulled two chairs away from the dining table across the woman’s newly vacuumed carpet and clambered up either side of her.

Pulling her hair away from her neck, the woman who wanted to sample everything in life and was still sore from an earlier trip to Mombasa, called out as she stood there in anticipation, “Bite me, little people, bite me!”

And taking their cue, the two twins turned vampires bit down.

Feeling the blood drain from her neck Lynn stood there as her knees wobbled and the flood of vampire-induced ecstasy flowed through her body. The two boys gorging on her blood as their fangs dug deep. Lynn’s blood flowing from her and dripping down their chins as they stood there on their chairs in their freshly washed cowboy outfits.

Then just as they thought they could take no more, the two boys’ heads began to spin. The almond liqueur running through their little bodies like burning poison. The cyanide-laced bitter almonds destroying their systems faster than the sun or any stake to the heart. The room whirling around and around them as the boys became weaker and weaker with every turn whilst their minds and bodies choked.

As their fangs detached, almost in slow motion, the boys began to slowly fall. Their little bodies sliding down the dress Lynn had put on just for the firemen. Their little arms wrapped around her as they tried to hang on. Their knees buckling beneath them as they fell off their chairs and hit the floor. The boys’ small hands holding onto the shag pile carpet so they couldn’t fall any further. Then as they looked at each other lying there with their heads still spinning, both their worlds went black, and just as the almond-based liqueur from the small town of Saronno in Italy had taken out the Coont’s mother and father almost a thousand years before, the two boys, who’d left their small town for a fun and pussy in the big smoke, were gone.

************

Lynn stood in the middle of the room and wondered what had just happened. Four chairs had appeared next to her in the middle of the room, along with four little cowboys with big vampire teeth lying next to them on the carpet.

How odd? she thought as she stared at the boys now dead and looking straight back at her through their empty black eyes. She walked to the table and refilled her glass. How bloody weird? She took another sip of her drink, before emptying her glass in one big hit, then looked back to the floor to see it covered in ash.

One thing was certain, she was drinking too much, Lynn told herself as she filled another glass and looked to her new Dyson of which she was certain she’d already just used to clean up the ash from outside.

Then it came to her, she remembered everything. She hadn’t done it yet, it was the ash from the fire at that mansion, where she’d seen that hunky man with the scars. She wasn’t crazy after all. She was going to vacuum under the table, that’s why the chairs were out. Oh my God that was so funny, what had I been thinking? She thought. There were no little cowboy dwarf vampires in her house! There was nobody here who could claim to be - The Disciples of Coont Draculi.

The End





Paul Slatter grew up in London, England and now lives in both Thailand and Canada.

He is an avid supporter of Chelsea Football Club and refuses to eat mayonnaise.





