Chapter One





To say I was unable to control the words that came out of my mouth would be an understatement. And due to this somewhat recent inability to govern my tongue, I would soon be missing my front teeth, along with a couple of molars on the right-hand side of my jaw. 
Now, when I say I cannot keep my mouth shut, the problem isn’t as serious as, let’s say, Tourette’s. Not at all. It isn’t. I’m not shouting ‘root my old granny’ in the library and twitching or anything like that. I’m saying, the problem I’ve developed was that these days it seemed I simply had no filter. And if someone needed to be called a ‘lazy fat cunt’ or an ‘inconsiderate prick’ or whatever was appropriate at any particular given moment. I would say exactly what was on my mind. Plain and simple. Good or bad. Right or wrong. They would be told. Regardless of whether I wanted to or not.
 
Hence the soon to be missing teeth, but we’ll get to that part later. 

For now, though I am sitting in a plane, in economy, on my way to Bangkok. At the back, by the toilets and wishing I’d paid the extra for business. So, as I could be in row one, or maybe even in row twenty one, in premium. But no, I am not. I’m at the back - by the shitters. Next to some loser sitting beside me who’s been making love to a Kit-kat bar whilst I listen to people in the trap behind me, shitting, pissing, wanking, belching, farting, or whatever. And all this, due to my brother. 
My brother, Steve, asking for a $7,000 loan that he swore he’d pay back. The man finding himself at the ripe age of twenty-seven, suddenly in love with a Thai girl with remarkably big breasts, and wishing to open a bar. The man telling me, nothing could be better than living the rest of his life in paradise, on some wonderful beach, with the girl of his dreams. 
Only the seven grand soon became seventy and the Thai girl with the big titties quickly, surprise, surprise, disappeared. 
It happens a lot – so I’d been told more times than I’d care to hear. Listening, every time, as I’d sat with both elbows pressed into some Formica table top in some sterile canteen, built with sturdy decks and even more sturdier benches which fed the ravenous who worked the oil rigs of Northern Alberta. Inconceivable yarns voiced by oil riggers or otherwise, articulating sad romances, spouting tales personal or second hand. All now seemingly expertly knowledgeable, about the honey traps they themselves had admittedly fallen victim to or they had seen inflicted upon other lonely men with lost souls. 
Men who’d openly and whole heartedly fallen for a beautiful woman with a nice juicy snatch. Five grand here, two grand there. Apparently, it was the norm. With most guys being hit hard and with pace in some Machiavellian manner or other, as my brother had. Or by a slow drip that lasted until the money run out or the poor soul died. Or both. 
There are of course the oil workers I’d spent years working with who knew and understood the game, which obviously my brother didn’t. These guys who lived a solitary life, earning a fortune on a four-month shift. Taking their grungy rough hands and dirty bear like hairy backs first class into Suvarnabhumi airport as per their contract. Big oily fucks, sitting squashed in their expensive little pods for seventeen hours like a rat in a pipe. Looking as out of place as a banana in a fish shop. Gruesome beasts, off to blow all their money and play millionaire king for a month, in heat that could melt a brick. Some meeting their holiday wives at the airport. Others, renting one from a special bar close by, much the same as they would a car when they arrived.
Myself though now sitting at the back, having already spent more than any of them and deprived of any endless honeymoon period blowies that would have preceded the inevitable train wreck these beautiful young ladies exacted upon these men who should know better.  Sitting at the rear, still in my work boots and jeans. My knees pressed hard into the seat in front. Right next to the shitter door that was banging every five minutes. The guy next to me unravelling his KitKat bar every ten. Each time pulling back the plastic silvery foil from the brown chocolate wafer. The man taking a minuscule sliver of a bite, scraping the chocolate away carefully with his front teeth. The man getting more satisfaction out of such a simple act of eating a chocolate wafer than I’ve ever seen another human achieve in my life. 
The guy telling me in between bites that his girl in Pattaya wasn’t like the rest. Telling me how she’d never scammed him, the way my brother had been scammed. Bragging about how she was honest and pure and had never worked in a bar. The stupid fuck, with his freshly manicured fingers going on and on about his Cinderella dream girl and how they were going to marry. The man taking tiny little, itsy-bitsy bites from his chocolate bar over and over as he spoke until I could take it no more, and screamed out saying… 
“Just eat the fucking thing!” 

It was going to be a long flight.










