Chapter Four      With my ribs hurting with every breath I sat at the pool of my hotel and stared at the Ladyboys red patent leather shoe I was still holding in my hand. Steve sitting there with his big cheese eating grin. Taking a deep breath, he said,       “Well we can cross off going back there for a beer now can’t we?”  Not bothering to answer, I just sat there studying the thin stiletto heal of the ladyboys shoe. Then tilting my head down I looked to the small red welt the same heel had left just below my heart. I looked back to the shoe, then to my brother.      “These are expensive - She’ll be missing this.” I replied, also wondering why we’d want to go back there apart from maybe to finish our chat with this straight gay gogo dancing cab driver. Steve saying back, as he watched me as I wondered how much the girl who’d kicked me through the window weighed. 	“You look like that prince in Cinderella.”And hearing that I could not help but think back to the lovely girl I’d met the night previous.       “If it makes you feel any better, from what I heard, you’re not the first western guy to be put through a window by a Ladyboy. It’s a thing here.” Steve then said,	“Thanks.”	“Yeah, their known for it, it’s one of their specialities.” 	“One?” I answered as I thought back to just how decent the lady had landed that blow to my chest.	“Yeah the other is one of them heels you’ve got in your hand stuck in your skull. So count yourself lucky, you got the window.”	“Speak for yourself.”	“The other speciality is that they can all suck their own dicks.”	“Bigamy is the other then it seems.” I answered now knowing that the girl Steve was about to wed was already married, as I also wondered how I’d be feeling,or if I’d be alive at all, if there had not been an awning and that line of motor cycles to break my fall. Letting the Bigamy dig go, Steve carried on,	“The other thing they say is – don’t fuck with the Thai’s.”The words slipping out of my brothers mouth in a manner that was either letting me know he did not believe this gogo taxi drivers declaration regarding his girl already being married, or he simply did not for some reason know what the word bigamy meant. Probably the latter.	“Is that right?”	“That’s what they say, especially the Ladyboys, but you already know that.”	“Thanks for the pre warning.”It was late, the only people now around were us and a guy in his late sixties relaxing in the pool with a girl less than half his age who looked as though she was hoping not to get her hair wet. I asked Steve,	“You staying here?”	“They refill that mini-bar?” he then replied, answering my question with a question of his own.They had, not that I was in the same room Steve had skipped the bill on, but if Steve was staying, I was thinking of having it emptied. Enough was enough with that shit.	“Where have you been sleeping since you snuck out of here?”	“Just some shit hole that took cash.”I then wondered if it was one of the small hotels that I’d checked.	“Near the beach?” I asked.	“Yeah you know how I like to go swimming in the morning.”It was then, and one of those overly nice reception women who’d smiled and ‘wayed’ with their hands up against their noses had been lying. But that was life I suppose, I said.	“And did you go?”Steve looked at me as though it was the stupidest question he’d ever heard.	“Every morning.”Fuck me, how had I missed him then? I thought.      “What time?” I asked.	“around nine.”	“The beach, the one right here?”	“What other beach is there?”I left that one - all I was going to do should I carry on with that line of enquiry was end up being told I was blind and to get some glasses.	“I been dancing in that big club on walking street in the evening, and was at the beach in the morning. I can’t believe you, how long you been looking for me? Fuck me, a blind man could have found me easier, you need to get some glasses.”            For fuck sake.       Changing the subject, I asked.	“I take it that other loser had gone by the time I hit the street?”Steve smiled. 	“By the time I’d got back down - Oh yeah, long gone”	“He see you come in?” 	“No - but I’m sure he saw you come out.”Well there was no escaping that. 					**********	It was late at the hotel pool, but early on walking street. Leaving the shoe in my room, we had both set off again. The silver haired man who’d been sitting outside the gay gogo bar I’d spectacularly left via the first floor window now, for the moment, thanks to me, back on the missing list.       We hit Walking Street, the place as always awash with noise and it’s strange mix of clientele. I looked to the seat where I had sat as we passed the bar I’d spent many hours sitting and watching people as they flowed to and fro. Scanning everyone coming and going in every direction, in the hope that my brother who I’d now safely found, came by. Another guy there now, beer in hand, the same as I had, watching the world pass by. 	I looked to the row of motorbikes all lined up where I’d first seen this lovely angel of a girl I’d met two nights back and wondered if the bike belonging to her was there? Maybe? Hers being the brand new bright red vespa I’d seen her arrive on the first night we’d met and there was one there exactly matching that spec. 	“When did you last eat?” I asked suddenly thinking of food and at the same time wondering how it was that I could remember the exact specs of the bike she rode, but not the girls name.      Steve smiled, it was obvious the man was more interested in finding the guy who had scarpered a couple of hours before. 	“Not hungry.” He snapped back. “You come all this way to eat, or you want to find this guy.” But Steve was hungry, despite his words. I could tell by the way he’d eyed up every food cart we’d passed since we’d left the hotel. 					**********Giving up on the idea of seeing the girl at the restaurant she worked at for now, we moved on. Passing through the sea of people, hearing the endless cat calls and noise. Steve, now with a burger in his hands as we walked. The bar where he’d first encountered the silver haired guy was the same establishment it turned out Steve had first met this Sherri girl. The silver fox sitting there night after night in his favourite little table booth. The guy not speaking a word to them both for a while, but then suddenly becoming best friends and talking up a storm one time Steve had come in. Telling Steve all the virtues of love and life in this town which in reality was very seldom true. The man not being there as we passed by. I looked to the derelict shopfront opposite my money was supposed to have transformed into the talk of the town and said.“This is ridiculous, we’ll never find this cunt.”Steve shook his head, the man now suddenly full of optimism.	“We will, if we wait, he’ll surface. Everyone surfaces in the end.”And I suppose he wasn’t wrong. Even Elvis had surfaced it seems, after all those years in hiding. Steve had but that had been what five days? Not forty years. And I’d only found him after this Vespa riding restaurant goddess had suggested an area I try looking. If she had not, where would I be now? Maybe with her, which wouldn’t have been too bad a thing.        We moved on and found another bar and sat at its front bench seating. Watching and waiting again to no avail. Bikers passing, sporting full leathers and long beards despite the heat. The Tourist Police watching them with caution. Western men, looking like mall security guards, doing a grand job in another country as they sat slumped with their fat muscles and fatter guts. Their Thai police counter parts sitting up straight and with pride, watching over them. I asked Steve. “What’s this guy’s name we’re looking for anyway?” Steve thought about it, He didn’t know, then answered, “can’t remember, probably phony any way.” But the answer to the question didn’t matter, because an hour later he had re surfaced and we’d found him again. 					***********  Bored, we had walked back in amongst it all and on our return found the guy sitting at the bar in exactly the same seat he’d been in when he’d given his speech to Steve. A speech which centred around how if he had the money he would be the guy buying the shop opposite. A speech he’d perfected over the years and had been delivered to Steve by a man with his fingers in many pies. One of which was true evil. This silver haired fox delivering a well-rehearsed monologue to any poor soul who would listen. A sales pitch designed to sell and to give hope. A communication intended to erase any doubt that had or would be seeping through and penetrating the rosy colored love goggles of a smitten man.        A man who felt and believed his life changing daily and knowing it was only going to get better. A man dripping with kisses and soaked in love. A man who in his younger years could give two fucks about religion or Jesus; now a converted plastic Buddhist, wearing amulets around his neck and praying to a god he did not know. 	So there he was, this silver tongued salesman who’d I seen only five hours before. The man now sitting drinking alone after midnight. Steve said, as we waited one block along watching the man taking sips of his beer as another fellow wearing cargo pants that did not fit approached and sat himself down next to him at the bar.  	“When that guy in the shorts fucks off, Why don’t I go in there and get chatting and tell him my tale of woe? See what he says.” I thought about it, then shook my head. 	“You said the man’s a bullshitter, why would you expect anything more than that?”And then with a slam of his glass down onto the table the silver haired fox took an envelope which the guy sitting next to him had pulled from the side of his baggy shorts, and was up and out the door and back in the open-air walking towards us through the crowd.	We followed him as he went. The man with his head down on a mission. He reached a go-go bar and without a moment of hesitation stepped inside. 	“He could have seen us and disappeared straight out the rear?” Steve said as we stood at the side of the road a good one hundred feet further back.	“Well lets see?” I said, “go find the back entrance and I’ll go inside and if he sees me and runs, then we’ll know for sure.”	Then I walked on alone and took myself straight through the front door. It was a place I already knew, having passed through it looking for Steve twice a night since my arrival. There was always this sexy girl there, dressed in a black latex cat suit. The girl looking good, wandering about the place wobbling her titties and ass nightly. The guys on the door, no doubt thinking I’d be doing my usual quick tour and departure this time around, the same as I had every other occasion previous. Nodding to them both, I stepped inside. Keeping out of the man’s eye-line I sat myself down on the other side of the room from this gentleman we were now following. Being closer I could see that he was older, a lot older than he’d looked from a distance. The man looking suave with his silver fox hair and his little dickie bow tie. The dark below his eyes telling me he needed sleep. A sleep that did not seem to be coming anytime soon, as the very same captivating young girl dressed in a black latex catsuit was now no longer wandering about the club but sitting on his lap.       I looked up at the stage to the girls in tiny shorts or panties as they danced. Swinging one leg in front of the other with as much enthusiasm needed to keep their job. Some girls young, others looking maybe too young. Others just squeezing out what was left of their looks in the hope of finding some lonely prince-charming who would pull them off the stage and whisk them away.Girls, Girls, Girls - All crowding the stage. Dancing to find love. Swaying their bodies for the love of their families. Sending whatever money they could from dancing in this cramped stinking airconditioned shithole or gained from laying down with or fleecing some sad loser they’d met here.             The girls doing the same moves and hitting the champagne rooms not to dissimilar to the girls with the same occupation working the clubs in Calgary. Instead here the money went home. Feeding kids, along with mum and dad and granny and grandpa if they were still around instead of on drugs and the occasional college degree.	From the corner of my eye I watched this man with his swept back grey hair and his little dickie bow. The girl on his lap digging for oil with her tongue into the man’s ear as though she was doing a wax extraction at the local clinic. The pretty girl in her cat suit on his lap feigning extasy as she did, poking out her titties as she closed her eyes. The guy with his mouth open, his breath stinking from rancid gums, whisky and beer. 	I looked up at the stage to see a host of girls looking back at me and smiling, waving with their tiny petite hands. None of the damsels a patch on Vespa girl. The most beautiful young woman I had ever met – whose name I could not remember, the fool that I am.	Not to look out of place I called two of the girls over and seconds later they were squeezing in on the long bench either side of me and between a man who from the veins on his neck looked as though he was one step away from cardiac arrest. The girls asking, “who I was?” and “where I from?” And I just smiled, telling them I was Johnny and I work the oil. The girls on my lap turning their heads slightly trying to catch my words through the boom – boom - boom.   	I signalled the waitress over and bought drinks for myself and my new two young friends. The girls smiling, being cute. The man next to me watching them more than the beautiful girl he was with. The girls in their little shorts and long silken hair, rubbing my chest and my crutch. Both taking turns to sit on my lap and rub their haunches into my loins as they kissed my ears. I looked around, the place jam packed with losers just like me. Alone, or in small groups. All with girls doing their own bumping and grinding. Drinking their watered down lady drinks as they slid their crutches along strange fat men’s hairy pasty open legs. Then I heard the man next to me say out loud.	“Fuck man this place is the best!”And it was, I suppose, if you didn’t give a fuck. Which it seemed here was the major consensus.	“Fuck man this snatch is wild.” The pig carried on.Two young ladies right there and then paying me more attention than any women or girlfriend had ever done. The girls feeling my muscles and my strength. Seemingly having more fun than they were moments before, as they’d put one foot in front of the other in perpetual boredom, repeatedly on the stage.       The man next to me then standing with pride. His demeanour letting everyone around him know he had pulled this beautiful girl and was leaving for no doubt a chemically enhanced fuck. The man for once in his life feeling like a king. Myself blurting out to him in my usual fashion, as I now seemed to do. 	“Yeah - well worth the hundred bucks.” Then saying “sweaty fatty cunt.” out loud as I watched him go. I called the waitress over and bought another round of drinks. Then I did it again. Curiously, I asked the girls through the music in the same broken English they spoke.	“Where you from?”The girls happy that for once, someone was, actually showing an interest in them.	“Issan.” The first girl replied, as did the next, as did the next, and as did the other two that came over after I’d ordered another three drinks for us all. The girls, all from the north east of the country, surrounding me, having fun. Telling me their almost unpronounceable names. Names, which again I instantly forgot. The night moving on in a sea of beautiful young women. Women with their long black hair, tight waists and wonderful happy smiles. The lights in the ceiling whirling, crashing into my eyes, the music blaring as the girls made me feel special. These beautiful, honest, wonderful goddesses, flanking my sides. Kissing and grinning as they pulled open their silky dressing gowns that had suddenly appeared. Showing off their flawless bodies and their titties as they leant down and licked and probed their tongues into my ears. The girls linking their arms to yet another gorgeous girl who stood at my feet, spreading her naked body before me as she closed the gap creating my own little love booth with her dressing gown. The girl standing guard as her friend from Issan knelt before me rubbing herself upon my engorged dick as she forced her nipples into my face and leant down and kissed my lips. 	Closing my eyes as I felt the silk of her tongue and the sensation of the two girls at my side as they lapped at my ears with their tongues and rubbed their soft hands upon my chest. Then the longing as the girl pulled my engorged dick from my cut down jean shorts and took it in her mouth. Then as the feeling of ecstasy ran through my body, I heard through the music my brother say,	“Sandy - What the fuck are you doing?” 	Opening my eyes, I looked to Steve. The man staring down at me as I held my beer in hand with my shirt undone and my dick sticking out of my cut-off jeans.	“What’s it look like?”  	“You’re supposed to be watching that fucking guy?”	“I am.” I answered, as I looked over to see he was no longer there. 	“Well he’s gone?”	“I know that.” I answered as I took another swig at my beer and smiled to the girl who had just had her breasts in my mouth. Then I asked.	“when did he leave?”Shaking his head as he looked to the girls that now surrounded me, he said.	“He went off with cat woman - he’s upstairs.”	“So what’s the problem?”There wasn’t one. Not at that particular moment anyhow. Far from it. Apart from the fact that my younger brother had stolen something special from me and completely broken some magical trance- induced love spell I’d been put under. 	Knowing I would never see these beauty’s again, I told the girls I’d be back in a moment. Then with Steve in tow and passing a plethora of women on the stage I headed for the stairs. 	We hit the corridor up top and walked along the shabby walkway as girls and men with fat red noses and fatter guts passed us in the opposite direction heading for the stairs. The music from below drowning out the muffled noise and fake groans coming through the doors that led to the rooms where dreams came true. Reaching out I tried a handle, opened the door, to see a man laying naked as two naked girls kneeled next to him on the bed kissing his dick. The man looking to me as I said, 	“How you doing?”	“Better than you.” Was all he replied. And truth was, right then and there I suppose in my pickled fucked up mind, he wasn’t wrong. For what was I doing? Searching for some silver haired fox who was no doubt doing pretty much the same as this guy. I closed the door and looked to Steve and shook my head as he stared back in anticipation behind me.  	“No.”He looked to the next door and reaching out turned the handle and again found it to be open. Then said,	“No locks, must be a thing I suppose.”   He was right, as I’d found that out earlier, to my detriment. No locks were allowed, for the girls safety, and so as security could practice their Muay Thai. 	The next room was much the same. Some sweaty fat fuck, on the verge of a cardiac, laying on a well-worn bed. The man looking up in surprise with his red face as he smothered some poor young lady. But the next door along though, we found him. The silver fox with tears in his eyes, facing the wall on all fours. The man lost in the moment, as he panted and screamed, whilst the same lady I’d seen downstairs, parading about the club in her latex cat suit fucked him in the ass from behind. Both Steve and I watched for a moment in disbelief. It was something to behold. This latex cat woman goddess with her body and features straight out of a Victoria Secret photo shoot, still fully clothed, slamming this smooth tongued rascal with her dick as he screamed. When he could not take the visual any longer, Steve said out loud.	“When you’re done, maybe we can talk some more about that bar.”The girl stopping mid stroke. Turning to look at us in surprise. The ladyboy pulling out and standing in her nice heels, staring at us as her condom filled with sperm swung from her dick.  I thought then as I stared at her standing there about how many times in the past I’d pulled out, then stood there in my socks and looked down at the same view of a creamy latex sheath dangling from my dick. This though, was somehow slightly different. I said, 	“put your dick away and sit yourself down beautiful.” Grabbing the sheets, the silver haired fox quickly covered himself as he stood. Then said, 	“It’s not what it seems.”	“Listen… You could have the Thai army waiting outside to run a train through you and I wouldn‘t care. What you do for fun is not why we’re here. All I need to know is what happened to my money?”	The man stared to Steve and then back to me, and for the moment it seemed as though he didn’t have a clue as to who we were. Then looking to Steve for a moment, he said. 	“I remember you – you’re the guy whose girl disappeared.” He wasn’t wrong. The man in a fluster, carrying on saying.      “Look a lot of guys here get taken, even me. I’ve been taken, you’re not alone! What makes you think you are so special? Just look at it like a rite of passage and move on. It’s what I did.”Steve tutted as he looked to the ladyboy as she pulled the used condom from her dick, tucked herself away and dropped the condom on the floor next to her high heeled shoes. Then shaking his head he turned back to the silver fox and asked. 	“Where’s Sherri?”	“Who the fuck’s Sherri? The man spat back quickly, as his eyes pleaded innocence. 	“My girl, the one who’s brother you went to see tonight.”	“What?” Stepping in, I said. 	“You went to see Sherri’s brother. Where is she?”The silver haired fox stared at the ladyboy for a moment, looking for help, then to his underpants which were neatly folded over the back of a chair. I said,	“You should have kept your clothes on like your girlfriend here.”	The man took a deep breath, then with his hands held out in front of himself, he looked at Steve and said. 	“Okay, you’ve been ripped off, I’m sorry for this, but it had nothing to do with me. That bar we spoke of, it’s solid. I had no idea your woman wasn’t. I swear…..”	“Nothing to do with you, yet you went to see her brother?” Steve said straight back.	“What brother? I was in boystown this evening, but it was to see if I could find Diana.”	“Diana?”	“Yeah Diana,” The man said back, “Like the princess.” He looked towards the ladyboy standing at the end of the bed who looked nothing like the late princess, the man making sure we both understood it was her he was referring to. Diana the ladyboy looking as though she had one thought and one thought only – get me the fuck out of here. With the focus now on her. She simply said, in perfect English.	“This has nothing to do with….. I was never here, okay?”	“Shut the fuck up.” Steve said, which surprised me, as he’s usually polite with women. I gave him a what the fuck are you doing, look. He said,	“No one here has mentioned the brother sells his ass in Boystown except you?”	The silver fox blurting out in frustration.       “I was in boystown, that’s why I mentioned it, for fuck sake? So tell me please, what the fuck do you want? You can’t just come in here and do this shit!”	“tell us where Sherri is and you can carry on where you left off”	“I don’t know, man for Christ’s sake – how many times can I tell you - I - don’t – know! All I did was give sound advice about a business. That’s it? I said it then and I’ll say it now, if I had the resources - I’d have bought the place!.... If that women had been on the level, you’d have been set.”	The guy was convincing I’d give him that. But for a guy who had just had two strangers walk in on him whilst he was getting fucked in the ass by some woman who looked like a lead in a kids super hero action movie, he should have been more shocked - it just didn’t seem to add up. I said,	“Okay enough dialogue,” as I walked across the room and taking the man by the arm, I carried on with. 	“I don’t want you to say another word okay. As I then yanked him violently to the floor. With practiced perfection, I tucked one leg under his shoulder blade and the other across his neck and, feeling his free hand tug upon my leg, I proceeded to begin to remove his arm from it’s shoulder socket. 	Screaming into the underside of my knee, as the pain ripped through his body, the silvered haired fox let go of my leg and smashed his hand against the floor in a submissive attempt to get me to stop as he gnashed his teeth trying to bite my leg. Only once I’d felt the joint pop out of the socket and seeing the reaction to the sound in both the ladyboy and Steve’s face, did I stop. Letting the back of my knee up from across the man’s mouth, the man began to spit and scream out.	“You god damn mother fucking cock sucking son of a bitch…”	“It’s best you don’t go there?” I replied, as I looked over to Diana now sitting on the bed looking down at me as though this was just a normal occurrence in the world she lived in. Then I said, as I started to put the pressure now on his elbow.	“Your elbows next and I won’t stop there.”I then looked back at Diana and just as I was about to speak, I heard the Silver Fox say into the underside of my knee.	“Okay, okay, I’ll tell you everything!”Standing up, I let the man do the same and watched as he grimaced and held onto his shoulder. It hurt, I knew that much, as having a grappling obsessed father, I’d been on the receiving end of the maneuver more times than I cared to remember. In a show of good faith I stepped towards the now wary man as he cowered, naked, in front of me. Gripping his shoulder with one hand and his whole body with the other I snapped his shoulder joint back into its  socket, then threw the man his underpants, and said.	“You can spill the beans once you’re dressed.” 	In pain he slipped on his underpants and sat himself on the bed next to the ladyboy. The pretty girl still looking as though she had better places to be. Steve said.	“Okay start talking…. And if we feel you’re holding back, I’ll personally rip out the other shoulder myself, and I won’t put it back.”Taking a deep breath, the man stared at Steve for a moment, then looked at me. 	“I get $500 cash for telling whoever this Sherri or any other girl sends my way, the truth.”	“The truth?”	“Yes, the truth,” the man then said, nodding as he held his shoulder. “Like I keep saying, it’s a good investment.”	“But you know that these women are scamming.”	“Sometimes, yes.” Cutting in before Steve could get anymore emotionally carried away, I asked, 	“Who owns the bar?” 	“Fuck knows. I wish it was me…. I used to think that if these women kept this up I’d end up with enough cash to buy the fucking place myself.”	“So you’ve done it before with Sherri?” Steve asked as his voice hit a pitch I had not heard since I was a kid. The same kind of squeal he’d give if things weren’t going his way with mum and dad.	“And this would surprise you?” the man scoffed back. “You think you’re the only guy this girls had her hooks into.” The Silver Fox staring at Steve for a moment, the man holding his shoulder as he began to grin. Spitting out as he did, “for fuck sake, you’re still in love, even now after she’s taken you for what, seven odd grand? That would be the usual figure.”	“Seventy.” I said straight back, and looked at the man on the bed, for the first time now seeing what was true honesty in his face. 	“Seventy…… Seventy - fucking – grand! Are you fucking kidding me?” the man spat back as he began to laugh. “why the fuck would you give a stranger seventy fucking thousand. Are you some sort of fucking moron?”	I looked at Steve - only he could answer that one, and trying to, he simply said. 	“Well there’s more to it.” Thinking my brother was about to elaborate I wait a moment. Then when nothing came, I said.	“Cut the self-righteousness bullshit and keep talking.” The man listening as he took a deep breath, then said as he stared now at the floor.	“This girl Sherri, she’s not from Issan like the rest of the girls here. She’s from the south. She’ll be waiting there until she’s heard that you’d stopped crying in your soup and fucked off back to whatever rock you crawled out of.”       Knowing the man was just trying to preserve what little he had left of his pride, I let that one go. 	“Heard from who – you?” I asked.  The man looked to the floor for a bit. Then said. 	“yeah me, or one of her friends or her husband….” As he looked up and stared right into Steve’s eyes, the man knowing and enjoying the fact the words would hurt, as he said, 	“She’s married, you know that right?”	“Yeah I heard,” Steve snapped straight back.	“Well, she’s married to this guy who she’d go and fuck in the morning when you went swimming.” And if the man’s words hurt my brother, Steve didn’t let on, but knowing him better than he knew himself, I knew they must have. I said, shutting him down.	“mind I don’t throw you out that fucking window.” Taking the hint, the Silver Fox went quiet, but if he had listened and taken heed of my warning, it didn’t seem to last long, as he continued, staring straight at my brother,        “you know I used to be a cop here, you think I don’t know people still. You’re in trouble pal. You and your fucking ape. All of them have had enough of sob story losers like you.” Then the man sat there thinking about it for a moment. Lifting his head, he carried on as he looked straight at me, 	“I heard the husbands gone though. Not here so you’re wasting everyone’s fucking time. Guys probably a monk now or something, so you’re fucked.”	“Heard - from who?” I asked.	“The brother.” 	“The brother?” I asked as I saw the man begin to smile as his face changed along with his demeanor. The Silver Fox snapping back at me, drawing courage from some corner of his mind. The man saying. 	“Yeah, of course – the brother - you fucking idiot - The same guy you were fucking with when I sent that ladyboy up to his room so as I could watch her throw ‘you’ through that fucking window, just like I asked her to do.”	I stared at the man for a moment, then asked.	“You arranged that?”	“Yeah – I did!” The Silver fox spat back as his temper began to rise. “So fuck you, and if you come near me again - next time, you won’t hit no fucking motorbikes on the way down because you’ll be going out from the next fucking flight up.”And hearing that, I looked to the Diana, the ladyboy, who looked just like my girl and asked calmly.	“He pay you yet?”The girl nodding that he had as she sat there clutching onto her small, fake, YSL bag. Her whole being just wanting to be on the other side of the shitty rooms unlockable door. Reaching out I grabbed the man’s trousers, pulled his wallet from one of the pockets and threw it at him. 	“pay her again.” I said, as I stared at this parasite of a man.       “The money’s ours anyway.”	Then I watched as the man reluctantly stared at his wallet.”	“Fucking do it!” I said as I watched him begin to open his wallet and pull some small bills from its inside. 	“Fuck off you tight cunt, give her the whole lot.” I said as I watched his body language again begin to change. The man seemingly more annoyed at that suggestion than the fact I’d just ripped his arm from its socket. Staring at me as though I was crazy, he said.	“Fuck that.”      Then snatching the wallet from his hand I opened it up. It was pretty full, the nice soft leather interior holding the envelope he’d been given in the other bar. Opening it I looked inside to see a neat and tightly packed stack of 1000 Baht notes. Pulling the lot, I fanned them out, handed them to Diana. Then said, 	“Go get yourself circumcised.”      Without waiting for another word, the girl was up and out the door without looking back, as the man called out after her.	“You owe me that money, you fucking asshole shithead.” Then as his temper burst into something he was seemingly unable to control, he turned back to Steve. Snarling with spittle flying from his mouth, he spat out,       “you motherfucking prick! Why couldn’t you just have fucked off like the fucking loser you are? You think I won’t get that money back, well I fucking will. And you’ll wish you’d never set foot in this town with this fucking clown.”       But even if in the man’s eyes she did, owe him the money I just gave her, which some other shithead had just given him for whatever reason. Whatever thoughts of revenge he was going to exact upon us for this intrusion into his world, he was never going to retrieve or see any retribution, as the next thing I did was lean down, grab the man by his nicely cut silver hair and in one hard and fast move, I dragged the grey haired old fuck in his undies off the bed saying as I went,      “Time to go.” And before he could come to terms with what he’d just heard, he was sailing through the air and straight through the window.                   