Chapter SixSo now we had a big SUV, with plenty of space in the back for the little fella, who wasn’t really ready for that yet and seemed content sitting on my lap. The nice white car coming from a car sales centre sitting at the side of the highway. Steve said, as we carried on along the number four highway heading south. 	“These things are heavy on gas you know, you should have got something smaller.”	“You just gave our small car away?” I replied in astonishment at the man’s accusation.      “Typical you - thanks for nothing. Get you out of trouble and then I get shit for it.”      “I wasn’t in trouble.” I answered back as I stared out at the road, the huge Buddha trees lining the side of the highway Their tall leaves sheltering the hard shoulder to its side where motorcyclists rode the wrong way against the traffic and stray dogs lay next to locals selling their wares. All hiding from the unforgiving sun.      And it wasn’t a lie, I wasn’t in trouble. Far from it actually, but we’ll get into that later. The guy Soone, making the precarious journey south on a four hour trip after hearing two Farang’s had been pulled up and taken into custody whilst driving a piece of shit hot rod car just purchased in Pattaya a day earlier.       “I’m not the one who killed that dog.” Steve said, now pissed at me as per usual.       “Neither am I.” I told him without hesitation. It shouldn’t have gone in the ocean if it couldn’t swim.”      “How do you know it drowned in the ocean?”      “it didn’t drown on the bath did it? Anyway we already been through this.”Then Steve sat quietly, the man looking out the window at the view for what seemed an age. Out of nowhere, he then said.  	“It’s the kind of shit you do.” He looked to the little fella now laying asleep upon my lap.	“Kill shit then deny it, make it like it was whoever’s dead’s fault.”	“Is that right?”	“Yeah - I’m surprised I’ve made it this far.” Ignoring him, I carried on heading south. The road getting worse with its increasingly frequent potholes and ripped up tarmac. Our SUV for the moment taking it well. The fields either side of the road loaded with palms. Stretching up from the earth becoming larger and more frequent. The mountains laying to our right covered in trees choked with vegetation. Directions for the Myanmar border that now ran just the other side laying way to newly paved road digging deep into a valley. Staring at the border sign as we passed, Steve eventually said.  	“You think she’s gone there and that girl with the toes is full of shit?”	“Why’d she go there? People from here don’t go there, they come here - from there.”	“You the expert on Thailand now are you - been here two minutes?”	“Why’d she go there?” I asked again.	“Might be nice.”	“It’s not.”	“Who says?” Steve asked.	“Country’s in civil war, they say.”	“Really?”Then he looked at the mountains again blocking the view of whatever version of civil war his mind was conjuring up.	      “Don’t see no smoke?”      “Some of it is – maybe not right here.”      “What you saying there’s killing and shit going on, bombs and tanks and stuff?” The man then looked back towards the road and nodding. Seemingly relieved that maybe a stray missile of some sort wasn’t spinning crazily out of control towards us from across the border.         “Maybe?”      “Fuck, who’d have thought. Shit like that just across the way, right on your doorstep. We’re driving down here worrying about stray dogs, them lot over the other side of that hill worrying about a fucking howitzer. You know what though, maybe that’s what this is all about. Sherri, she’s some sort of freedom fighter? She’s like that, can’t stand cops, sticks up for women and stray dogs and shit.”       I looked at him for the moment, then took my gaze back onto the road ahead and waited. The kid was still looking for any reason he could cling to so as he could legitimise what had happened. Other than the one that was staring him straight in the face. But he was my brother so  I’d give him that to cling to. So I said,       “Yeah, that’ll be it – she’s a freedom fighter alright, a financial freedom fighter though would be the correct analogy, I think. I doubt that the woman’s George Clooney’s missus’s cousin, put it that way. More like she’s just some kind of cock sucking fucking con artist whore.”					**************      We then sat in silence for another half hour after that one. Steve pouting again. Staring out the window. Eventually he took a deep breath and said,	“Why you always got to be like that? We were having a nice happy conversation about civil war and stuff, and you have to go getting your little digs in.”      “Happy conversation about revolutionary war and people getting blown up?” I answered.      “You know what I mean.” I did, there was no doubting that, how often, before that strange little gay man had come crashing into our world had we all sat as a family and watched Rambo or some shit like that and been entertained. Now though some rabid dog gets itself stuck under a pair of size elevens and the worlds in uproar. 	“You’re a trouble maker.” Steve then said in disgust. 	“Me?” I said in surprise. Knowing only too well that trouble had always seemed to find me wherever I went. 	“Yeah, it’s what you do. You got a big mouth. How would you like it I say something like that to you?”	“Like what?” I asked confused.	“Say if I said that woman, that coug you were fucking in west van was a whore?”That coug I had been fucking in West Van.Well he wasn’t wrong there. I’d been doing that. The woman now divorced taking a fancy to me after we’d met in a Calgary bar. The woman celebrating some shit on a long weekend with her older woman friends with their stretched out skin. 	“I’d say you were right!” I answered. Knowing the woman I’d once upon a time been in a relationship with, if that’s what I could call it, lived solely off the back of an ex-husband and had not done a stroke of work in her entire life. Except get face lift after face lift as she drove around in her new Tesla and turned herself into some sort of coffee house dwelling lizard. I said.       “If you had reason – I’d take it – same as you should.” But he wasn’t wrong - I did have a big mouth, that was true, but what came out of this big mouth I had was never anything less than correct – but the truth can be hard to take for a lot of people and Steve had in that regard always found a seat in the front row.       Maybe I did need to tone it possibly down, somehow give the guy a break. If I could. Him falling in love for the first time and all that, then quickly having his heart broken after couldn’t be easy. I said. 	“Don’t blame me because you’re a stupid cunt.” Then before he could pick himself off the floor my phone rang and it was May. 	“Hey!” she said, the young women’s voice like caramel sinking through soft whipped cream. 	“Hey?” I answered, my voice somehow raising and octave and sounding now like someone even I did not recognize myself. 	“What you doing?” Without a look to my brother, I kept on looking to the road as I drove and tucked the phone under my ear. 	“Just heading south to Samui with Steve, chatting about stuff. Catching up, you know.”	“That’s nice.”Then like a kid who’d just got a new toy, I told her.	“I got a puppy.”	“Really?”	“Yeah, found it on the beach, lost.”	“You look for its mum?”	“Yeah, coarse.” I lied, “Went right up and down, asked people and stuff.”	“The locals would know if there was a litter - Maybe someone dropped it off, they do that, usually though, they leave them at a temple.”	“I think it’s fate.” I said truthfully. “Might have drowned if I’d not been there.”Watching Steve shake his head in disbelief out the corner of my eye I carried on. 	“Waves were coming right up on the beach.”	“Have you a name for it yet?”	“Little fella,”	“Male then right – good – no pups to worry about - What about when you leave for Canada?” Canada – yes Canada. Now that was something as of yet I hadn’t thought about, let alone my return. I said.	“I’ll buy him the seat next to mine.”	“You think he can take the cold?” 	“Yeah dogs like it there, all that fur they got – besides they sell coats for em if it gets too cold.”Then May asked.	“Have you found your brothers fiancé yet?”	“No, maybe she’ll turn up in Samui.”	“Maybe?  I do know someone who will be there.”	“Who?” I answered.	“My sister, and me, if you’re interested?”I sat there and thought about that one for a second. I had not met the sister, but May had said herself the girl was a smoke show, even if there was chance she had a dick.	“Could be interesting?” I answered, and without another word, May quickly said. 	“Come to the Mai Thai arena in Chaweng on Tuesday, there’s a huge event fight. I’ll be there.”Then before I could ask where or say another word, May said. 	“And don’t worry - I won’t be hard to find.”				*****************      We made the ferry just after two. With the little fella on my lap and my ass planted firmly on a bench I’d found in the shade. I then sat and felt the sea breeze drift across my body as I watched the white water churn away from the boats stern. I was still amazed at the way things had gone so far for me since I’d arrived in this wonderful country. A lovely girl who seemed to have little agenda other than just wanting to be with me. A lovely little dog who seemed much the same, a nice new car. A police officer who’d gone out of his way to shake my hand after I’d thrown a man out a window and killed some guys dog. Had I had the same encounters back in Alberta I’d probably be in jail or with herpes or both. But not here in this magical kingdom where the sun always shines. Not here in the ‘land of smiles.’       The cop Soone whatever his name was, had been cool. The man standing there with his back to the door, in his nicely starched designer clothes making me feel like some sort of derelict. The man telling me how he’d been watching that silver haired fox for some time until he’d dropped down and landed at his feet. The man thinking prior that my brother and I had been doing deals with him up in that room. The man about to have us put on a watch list they’d been compiling. But no, not now. Now, I’d been made a renegade off shoot to their team.And I had a mission.					**************Koh Samui is an island and one of the jewels in Thailand’s crown. The place an elaborate mix of laid back tranquility with it’s pure white sand and crystal blue water which plays host to every kind of person this world has to offer.        It was around five in the afternoon when we arrived at the island’s Chaweng district. Parking the new SUV in the carpark of the hotel we picked there which sat at the edge of a beach covered in soft powdered sand stretching itself out into a clear turquoise blue water.       The water color I’d only ever beheld previously in lakes formed from the runoff of melting snow held captive by the unrelenting Rocky Mountains that had never seemed to be far from view throughout my life.       The room with its two double beds and another little deck that dropped down to the beach where vacationers swam and passed walking the shore line whilst the occasional noisy jet ski’s driven by equally noisy kids jumped waves in the distance. The little fella out there, racing around on the sand having quickly forgotten about the morning. Steve with a long face, saying as he watched the dog as it chased in circles at nothing. “Sherri likes dogs. That dogs fucked in the head though.” 	“You were young once.” I replied without looking up. But it was obvious these mood swings he was having was down to the fact that the man was love-struck and sulking. All Steve really needed was some inspirational motivational words of wisdom from someone who understood. So taking a deep breath I said.      “It’s called being happy Steve - you should try it - get you over this fucking tramp. For fuck sake. What’s got into you, you heard her friend, she’s here working in a bar getting those big tits she’s got fucked by losers all night. You think she’s moping around thinking about you? Jesus, you’ve had goldfish longer than you knew this woman.”       That should do it.            For the moment, Steve just stared at me. The guy’s mind reeling from this latest machine gun attack my soothing words had just delivered to the poor boys soul. But as helpful as I was, he really wasn’t understanding my point of view it seemed.       I really just could not get it. What was it that made the man so blinkered, so besotted with this girl? What special powers did she have over him that he could still be in love with her after all that had happened. I carried on, trying this time, as I had before, to be as tactfully as I could. I said,      “but, okay, maybe yeah, okay, she’s out there, and she’s thinking of you too - whilst other guys are fucking her, she’s still thinking of you.” 	 					****************      As the sun dropped away from the days blue sky, evening came. Its fading light bathing all it touched with its soft glow, until the presence of its beauty then as if a switch had been pulled from within the heavens, it departed us once more, leaving us only with earths warm ocean air drifting in off the water.       Steve and I sat on the patio of one of the many outside restaurants sitting on the small ring road which serviced this particular strip of paradise. The one way circuit moving traffic around the small seaside tourist town. Traffic that was now almost at a standstill.       The local vendors choking the road as they made the most of a captive audience locked in the endless bars and restaurants that lined its side. Their pickup trucks converted for advertising, loaded with speakers large enough to wake the dead or entice travellers into whichever bar, grill, day club, night club, they were doing their best to force feed the visiting folk with.       One holding the gold medal for annoyance seemed to be the largest of them all. The truck cruising around and around at three miles per hour. It’s flat-bed back home this evening to half a dozen Mai Thai fighters in full fight mode, all standing at the back feigning kicks. Shadow boxing imaginary title challengers as the speakers blared out the theme music to Rocky. A Thai announcer screaming in bad English how it would be crazy for us to miss the upcoming fight at the stadium where May had told us she would meet us the following evening.       Boom – Boom - Boom, Boom Boom, the music blared as the truck made its way slowly through the traffic towards the restaurant for the third time since we had sat down. The kids in the back, both western and Thai, topless in their loose shorts kicking away at nothing as the music blared.       Steve staring at the truck as once again the music stopped and the pre-recorded message recycled and restarted, spewing out its message for what now seemed to be the hundredth time. 	“Fuck these guys are cunts.” Steve said as he took a swig of his beer and shook his head slightly. I stared at him then at the truck now stationary and wondered how the patrons of the restaurant it was next to were enjoying their meal. 	“they’ll be done soon, they can’t keep this up all evening one of them surely has to have a fight or something?”      But they didn’t seem to have a fight or anything. The truck indeed keeping it up all evening as now on its sixth time around the block the truck had itself stopped in traffic right in front of us in the road. The music blasting. Boom - Boom, Boom, Boom… Boom…….Boom, Boom - Boom……..	“For fuck sake I said as I watched the kids on the back covered in sweat kicking away like fools. One though was a young man we’d yet to see. A new fresh face in amongst the rest of the idiots we’d seen passing the restaurant so far. A western man in his late twenties, up there looking and feeling tough. Topless, sporting his muscles and stars and stripes baggy shorts as he lashed out with venom with his feet, landing hard and powerful blows into the hand pads one of his buddies were wearing.	“That’s Lee Wilkes,” Steve suddenly said knowingly. He’s fighting for the Thai Federation Cup tomorrow night.” I stared at my brother for a moment, then laughed - how could he possibly know that?	“You follow this shit do you?” I asked curiously.	“It’s not shit it’s serious.” He said back. “same as you are when you go to the gym.”	“How you know his name?”	“Because he’s on that poster on the side of the truck.”And then I saw him, this guy having an early mid-life crisis in a poster that blended in with countless others plastered along the side of the truck. The man looking tough as he squared off against a Thai man of similar age. Looking back to him I could now see he had us both in his eyeline as he whacked his right foot hard once more into his colleagues hand pad. The man staring us down with attitude, feeling like a king as he lashed out with venom in time to the blaring music. Boom, Boom Boom, Boom, Boom – Boom. Holding the man’s stare, and waiting for him to finish, I said,	“Turn that music off you stupid cunt.”Not quite believing what he’d heard and smarting from the disrespect, Lee Wilkes holding on to the side of the truck leant forward and asked through the noise. 	“Say that again. Say that to my face.” So I did…. And then just as the man who’d know doubt just spent a year in training for the fight of his life’s temper burst, the truck began to move. And before I could say another word willingly or unwillingly the truck was gone. Disappearing along the road. Steve stared at it as the music drifted into the distance. Then once it had, he looked back at me and simply said. 	“Why’d you always start shit?”	“He’s the one with the problem not me - I’m not the one disturbing the peace.” I said back in my usual self-righteous manner. 	“Neither is he. The guys just promoting his fight. You’re lucky he didn’t kick your ass.”I was, and Steve for once was not wrong. But it wasn’t like I had any say in what came out of my mouth, so what could I do these days other than to just live with the consequences. Frowning, I looked to the little fella sitting on my lap as I heard Steve say.	“Well he’ll be back in about fifteen minutes so you can either apologize or get practicing all that Jiu Jitsu shit dad taught us because you’re going to need it.” But when the truck did arrive back in all its boisterous glory, Lee Wilkes was nowhere to be seen. 					******************	A few hours later sitting in a bar on the other side of town we heard the truck again. The same music blaring. The same announcement. The same kids on the back kicking away. But no title contender to be seen. We watched it pass, as the noise from the trucks speakers came and went for a moment drowning out the bars music. Watching it go, Steve said, as he looked at the girls in the bar hitting on men as they passed. 	“It’s tamer here.”	“You think so?”	“Yeah.”It was true, the place was tamer than Pattaya, but I had little doubt the end result was much the same. If his girl was here she’d probably be in one of these bars doing the same and I wondered how much my brother could take if we found her doing just that. With the guy being as sensitive as he was, and him being so loved up still despite the overwhelming evidence of what she’d done to him. There was a chance after what had happened with our father that it could take him over the edge. He needed to be eased back into reality that was certain. So I said,	“You need to be prepare yourself, there’s a high posibility your girl’s sucking some guys dick as we speak.”	 Taking a deep breath, Steve thought about that one. Then said. 	“Na, not Sherri. She didn’t do that shit. She told me.”	“What about to you?”Steve looked at me, then to another lonely soul as he sat himself down at the bar. 	“Oh me yeah – Heck yeah – but no she worked in a bar but didn’t go with guys. She was a cashier. She just took people’s money.”Well aint that the truth.We sat there, both of us, staring at the girls with a short skirts and high heels as they flirted with customers. The two of us listening to the music as it thumped. Steve no doubt, wondering if his girl was out there now giving butterfly kisses whilst being groped the same thing as these girls were. Me having no doubt.       It was a strange thing really, the two of us sitting there in this far off land. Both of us now fatherless. Both of us still deep down wondering why. The music just like in Pattaya drowning out the street. The two rows of bars lining either side of a road purposely constructed and developed for obvious monetary gain. A place for the locals to earn some good old fashioned cash. A amusement arcade placating the want and needs of a certain crowd you’d never invite for dinner. A long narrow strip of iniquity, dug into this tropical paradise. A dwelling which tugged at men’s primitive DNA. Capturing weakened fathers vacationing with their families. Horny men who couldn’t resist the urge to sneak away and ruin the rest of their holiday once the deed was done as they worried about herpes or monkey pox or worse and whether they’d passed it on to their wives.       But as much fun as it was watching the circus we still needed to find the love of my brothers life. Pimmy, Sherri’s special and loyal friend in Hua hin, who’d happily taken my money, wiggling her big toes with delight as she did, had told us this is where we would find her.       And now here we were.             From what I could see from where we sat, there had to be upwards to three hundred girls working along this road. If this Sherri was one of them, I would never know. I wondered as I sat there, stroking the little fella. The little puppy who seemed to draw more attention than any man I’d yet to see wandering this road we now sat in. The big question was that if Steve did actually somehow manage to spot this treasure of a woman, then would he even tell me he had. Should this be the case, I have to say I really didn’t care. Yes, I was out of pocket for seventy grand, which indeed is a lot of money. But I had to admit I was having fun. So it hadn’t all been that bad. Could be worse, I could be have been in some tar sands camp, or even in jail.      We had a couple more beers, and then I decided the time was right to bite the bullet and walk the good walk. How long could it take to stretch our legs and stroll the entire length of the road. Keep in the centre and have Steve stop outside every bar. Have him gawp at every girl in there and then move on. A few minutes later we had found her. Steve pausing for a moment, then with a deep breath and looking to the floor said,       “That’s her, the one sitting with grandad.” Stopping, I stared for a moment then looked to Steve, who holding onto his broken heart, I discovered hadn’t stopped. The man slowly disappearing into the crowd without looking back. Hearing the cat calls and the competing music blast my senses, I looked back into the bar at this little lady sitting in its corner. This lady with her big titties now loving another man three times Steve’s age. The old boy enjoying the twilight of his life. The pair of them nuzzled together on stools like a couple of teenagers lost in love.       So this was her, this was Sherri.             The love of my brother’s life. This woman I’d never met, but whom had now consumed so much of my attention on a daily basis.       With the little fella resting on the inside of my forearm I walked in and sat by myself down at a stool next to them. Sherry for the moment looking to me to see if I was a better option. Grandad not giving a care. The girl holding my stare as I looked back. The young, big bosomed woman smaller than I’d expected with her skinny legs and arms and short hair. Destroying the image I’d built. This vision in my brain of some Amazonian Thai lady capable of wrestling money from any unsuspecting fool.        Then with strategy and purpose and smothering the eye contact between this Sherri and I, in a swift and practiced cock blocking move, another girl arrived, extinguishing any potential relationship short or long term. The intruding girl standing next to me, offering the sweetest smile I think I’ve honestly yet to see. The girl looking into my eyes, then to the little fella on my lap and then to my big boots. Before she could say a word, another had arrived and another as I quickly found myself surrounded in a sea of young beauty. All the girls smelling nice. All of them are sexy as hell. All of them paying more attention to the little fella than myself, almost as though they’d never seen a dog before in their lives.      Shifting in my seat I looked back towards this Sherri and again caught her eye. This siren, this fugitive of a woman. Her hair looked good, freshly done, her bright red nails like a demons dagger claws, also freshly done. Same for her clothes, and the shoes that I had no doubt also bought. Dropping the older man like a sack of shit she moved through the group and stood before me. The girl looking into my eyes as  the others fussed and pawed at Little Fella sitting on my lap enjoying the attention.       The woman leaving her left hand holding onto my the upper part of my arm as she joined the others running her right hand across a little feller’s neck. Staring at me she said.      “Your dog nice, I like dog. What name.”       “Little Fella.” I answered.       “He not little forever.” Sherri answered with a dazzling white toothed smile that made me wonder if I’d also paid for her teeth.       “He get big like you.”Then she leaned in and still with her hand clasped onto the top of my arm she whispered.	“You handsome man.”I looked to her and then to the old gentleman she’d only seconds ago being pawing over. The man now in his nineties sitting there not alone but with another girl who seemed to be doing pretty much the same. The gentleman there smiling with his watery eyes as this new girl rolled her body against his. This man in the winter of his life, who had possibly already seen and done more than most ever would. This man making the most of his final days. Still loving the female form, looking to this young lithe nymph some seventy year his junior. His moist eyes smiling, either unknowing or perhaps uncaring about the girls change in shift.        There was one thing that I could not count out and that was that Steve, to get me of his back, had just picked the first random he’d seen with an ample breast and said, “that’s her”. But something inside told me different. Maybe it was these nice titties that she happily put on display. These titties I’d heard Steve in between complaining about his itchy back fixate about over and over for the last while as we’d headed south. Maybe though it was the new clothes, or the nicely cut hair, or the new expensive shoes she wore compared to everyone else in the bar. Then as the other girls became bored with my puppy and gave up on me, I bought myself a beer, and a lady drink for Sherri.       “Where you from?” she asked.       “Canada.” I replied quickly.       “How long here?”      “Not long enough.” I answered.      “You want girlfriend?” she asked me getting straight to the point.       “Maybe?”      “You very handsome.”      “Thanks.” Then remembering her friend in Hua Hin who had sold her out for money telling me she came from the south, I asked.      “Where are you from?”      “Bangkok.”      “You ever been to Pattaya?” And for a moment Sherri stared at the floor before smiling again and leaning in pushed her breasts against my side.       “No - no go Pattayyyaaa.”So two lies one after the other, but in reality what was I supposed to expect from a girl whom I’d just met working the room in a sleazy bar. 	“you married?” I asked.	“No - me not marrieeeed.” She was, we knew that, so, another lie.	“You have a boyfriend?”	“No, me no boyfrienddddd.”But she did and he went by the name of Lee Wilkes, but I was yet to find this out.	“You want lady?” my brothers girl then asked.	“maybe.” I answered.	“You want lady suck youuuu and you come on boom booms?”	“Really?” I answered back as I wondered if she’d used the same delightful opening line when she’d met my brother. But it was best I left Steve and the money out of the conversation for now. So I said,	“You charge Steve seventy grand for that?”And just as those words left my lips, Sherri understanding exactly what I had just said, looked up and saw Steve step nervously into the bar. And the moment he entered, she burst into tears, ran to him and hugged him deeply as she sobbed. 					***************      Steve stood there looking to me as his girl hung to his stomach like a limpet. Slowly moving towards me he shuffled the girl across the floor and then stood beside me. Annoyed he asked,	“What the fuck did you say this time?” 	“I didn’t say anything.”Then pulling back, Sherri looked up at Steve and with tears running down her cheeks, and said this time in near perfect English.	“He just told me he wanted to come on my breasts. I’m not that kind of girl.”Steve looked at me and if looks could punch me straight in the mouth, then I’d just taken one on the chin. It was obvious, to me anyway that again he was being played. The girl swiftly changing tack as soon as she’d seen him enter the bar. Could I say it was his fault? No not really, yeah she was working in the bar, but not all bar girls are pay for play. Especially ones as pretty and who spoke a level of English as this girl seemed now to be doing. I took a breath, I needed to look at it from my brothers perspective. Stay neutral in this situation, until he worked it all out for himself. I said,	“Don’t believe a word, you been a minute later she’d have had my dick in her mouth.” And with that there was no more dirty looks to give as Steve just hit me.       Now like I said earlier, I’ve been hit before and it rarely doesn’t hurt and this time was no exception. 					*************      I sat there on the other side of the bar. Just myself and the little fella watching on as Steve sat quietly with Sherri. This beautiful girl who’d just asked me to come on her tits now with tears in her eyes. Holding my brothers cheeks as she talked into his face without giving him a moment to speak. The girl spouting one bullshit line after the other in amazingly good English. Myself sitting there watching in disbelief alone with not one lady interested in changing that situation. Even if I did have a puppy. The old man living large with two girls. Kissing one and then the other in turn with his saggy skinned mouth.       Good for him. The man maybe having served his time. Working his entire life to raise and support a family who no longer cared, the man now with zero fucks to give.       Would that be me?             I wondered if I made it that far in life? Would I have the guts to no longer care and stand in a bar, listening to music I didn’t understand, with a pocket full of dick pills and breath mints. Probably not.       Catching the man’s eye I smiled to him as he switched from one girl to the next. The man’s damp eyes full of life showing a spirit that shone from deep within. Calling across, I said, 	“Bet you wish you knew about this place years ago.” And he simply said.	“I did.”					**************  	        With nothing other than blood on their minds the mosquito’s floated around me as I sat on the deck outside our hotel room. Steve inside, laid on the bed with the love of his life stretched out next to him. The distant rumble of thunder out to sea. The moon reflecting its presence as its light graced the water. The waves landing softly in a constant rhythmic flow on the sand. The sound of my brother with the love of his life in the room behind me. One minute talking, the next minute crying, the next fucking. The sound of this Sherri’s high pitched screams throughout it all. Then her squeaky voice kicking off again as soon as he’d get up to take a piss or clean his dick. Her constant sound over powering the whirr of the A/C, penetrating the glass sliding door and intruding into my world.	He needed to get it out in the open though. Get to the bottom of it all. Get this issue sorted, and most of all find my money. But seriously did I need to listen to it all? I didn’t. I just needed to stay calm, stay quiet and tune the girls voice out then see what he had to say in the morning. Leaning back I swung out my right arm and slapping my hand onto the window, shouting out. 	“Stick your dick in that thieving cunts mouth.”					**************	 By nine in the morning they’d both surfaced. The two of them all smiles and glee, like two teenagers who had just found tenderness for the first time. Sitting down at the breakfast table I had now occupied for the hour and a half, Steve said. 	“What’s with the pouty face?”	“You’d have one too if you slept on the beach.”	“Depends who you with.”It did I suppose. But I hadn’t had some fucking thief of a whore like him for company. I said as I watched this Sherri, as she wandered about loading up two plates from the buffet. One for her one for him, none for me. 	“So?” 	“Oh, it’s all sorted - all done - no worries.”	“Really?” I answered some what surprised as I watched Steve now begin to beam from within.	“Yeah, it’s sorted, problem over - we’re getting married.”For fuck sake. 	“I thought she was already married.” I said, in pure desperation.	“oh she is - but that doesn’t count.” Steve said straight back. Completely confused I then asked.	“It doesn’t?” 	“No, you know like I said - it’s a Buddhist thing.”I looked at Sherri. The girl no doubt bidding her time until her new on again ‘fiancé’ had had enough time to break the news. 	“So that’s it then – all sorted?” I asked.	“Yeah. That’s what I’m saying - She’s coming home with me. We gonna live in Calgary. She’s got a friend there.”	“Oh?”	“Yeah.”	“and what about my seventy grand?”	“That wasn’t her, she never stole that, it was her husband.”Of course she didn’t.	“The husband she doesn’t have? The one that doesn’t count because it’s a Buddhist thing?”	“Yeah - It was him - not her - He has it.”	“And does he know that this marriage he’s in is no longer valid?”	“Yeah…. No….. maybe? I’m. not sure.” Steve said as he scratched his head nervously and looked about the room.	“And where is he?” I asked as I felt what little I had left of my patience evaporating. 	“Well that’s the thing see.” Steve then said as he squashed his face up in embarrassment. “she said she needs some money to bribe someone so as she can let you know.”Surprise surprise.      So that was it. Apparently, I had to spend money to make money. That old chestnut. Well as much as Steve believed it all to be true, I didn’t. I did though need to tread carefully as I’d got this far and I didn’t need the woman running off again.       So I said as I looked at this girl who was now making a new claim for funds as she stood around with her breasts exposed in the same nice new high heels. The girl wasting time messing about with some bread. 	“Those tits she’s got fake?”	“No! I already told you that, remember?” Steve answered with a smile.	“What about the footwear?” I asked as I sat there looking again to the girls black leather with red soles.  	“Tell her the breakfasts on me. But if she needs to bribe anyone she can sell them new Jimmy Choo’s.”					***************	Leaving the restaurant I walked to the reception and booked another room for myself and the little fella for a couple of more nights. Asking them to keep me on the beach but as far away from Romeo and Juliet as possible.  And it was sitting there, this time on my own deck. Free of the groaning and crying and squeaky voiced endless monologues from my future sister in-law that Steve came to see me. This time alone.       What I’d do was go along with it, I thought. Not go along with it in the sense that I’d start giving the women cash for bribes. I’d already established that. But I’d just go along with the whole stupid marriage thing. I’d forget what she was, forget everything she had done before and let my stupid brother fall as far down that rabbit hole as he was prepared to go. Let him offer up this lure of marriage and permanent residency in Alberta with Steve or whoever she decided to shack up with once she arrived as bait for the info on the whereabouts of this husband who maybe was yet to know he was single. Then she could see just how rosy life was living inside an outdoor freezer for nine months of the year. Good luck with that. Lets see how much she gets to show off those nice titties to the boys down Whole Foods when they’re hidden away stuffed beneath a big thick goose down parka. I said.	“So you still marrying that lying cunt - when’s the wedding?	“Soon I think.” Steve said back ignoring the middle section of my question.	“Who’s paying for it?” I then asked, and that one threw him. Knowing that the man was now and had always seemed to have been perpetually broke for his entire working life. My brother by now having used up all his own savings since he’d arrived, and on top of the money he’d already lost was now eating further and further into mine.	“Well the family I suppose.”	“Our family?”	“Yeah.”	“So mum?”	“Well yeah, mum and dad, but dad’s not here so us then since we’re dad now yeah - us?”	“so in us you mean - Me?”	“If you’re offering then yeah great - thanks.”I wasn’t - but okay.It had always been that way with Steve, the kid seemingly taking a free ride through life. The younger brother who got everything from bicycles and clothes to cars to jobs and places to live, all handed down. Along with the odd bar in Pattaya. All this via what could be called younger brother default. This time, now it was a wedding. But if we were both lucky it would never get that far. I said, 	“Ok, marry the whore - the weddings on me, along with all the other shit that you need to get her back home with you. But know this, nothing happens until I get my money back.” And hearing this Steve just stood there, his mind whirring away as all the possible permutations came to mind, eventually he said.  	“I’m kind of stuck if you’re playing hard ball.”	“Pay for your own wedding then. Don’t involve me. Do it yourself and once it’s done you can work it out on your own just how to get that money back from this husband who does not exist. Maybe you can ask him if he wants to walk her up the aisle while you’re at it.”					*****************      I’d grabbed some breakfast for the little fella. Snagging a cup of milk and wrapping some bacon and some sausages in a napkin. I cut it all up with a tea spoon and put it out on the balcony for the puppy to eat. Leaving the Little Fella to pick at the food I then went for a swim and stepped out for once barefoot onto the sand. The sun was shining and I could see was the blue ocean calm before me as I walked out onto the beach. The soft sand like powder worked its way through my toes. Hitting the water, I looked along the shoreline. It was early, most people like Steve and his dreamboat girl were still eating fruit and drinking coffee. The water lapped at my ankles as I watched the little fella pick at his food occasionally testing the boundary marking instinctively for himself a safe zone.             Maybe I’d ruined him yesterday morning, dragging him into the ocean like I had when that vicious mutt had drowned itself. I waded out and dived in. Long gone was the feel of the ice cold glacial water I was used to. Back in the day when I’d swam the lakes that surrounded the Rockies. Lakes with towering majestic mountains peaked with snow. Sinking my legs down I turned and stared at the beach and watched the little fella now waiting at the water’s edge for me to return. The sea nicer than any bath I’d not wanted to have as a kid. Back in the day when I’d lay in that rare moment of childhood luxury, feeling the warm water on my skin. Putting up one fight about getting in, and then another when my mother told me it was time to get out.        Now though I was in a big one that felt almost the same. Laying back I looked at the sky as the water graced the back of my head and poured softly into my ears blocking out for the moment the world. A world that I didn’t really understand. A world most of us ever do. The morning sun on my face cooled by the small waves that moved constantly towards the shore. Fuck it was nice, Feeling soft sand beneath my feet when I’d let them drop down to the sea bed. Palms loaded with coconuts reaching up into the blue cloudless sky above. I took a deep breath once and then another and then another as I closed my eyes and tried to forget about it all. My brother, this Sherri girl, the money, and of course the one thing, that unrelenting vision in my mind that stayed forever present. The last moments of my father life. I laid there, floating in the water. Feeling the heat of the sun on my face and my chest. Trying in vain to push back those last images from my mind. But what was the point? Something as horrific as that, it was something you couldn’t just pour water onto and simply wash away. Even in water as nice as this. It was something I knew would never leave, and deep down there was a part of me that hoped it never would. Letting the weight of my legs sink down bringing me upright, I tried to touch the sand on the sea bed below to no avail. The ocean, as gentle as it was, was still in charge. The current taking me away from shore as though I was being held on a carriage made of angels. Kicking out with my feet, I headed for the shore. Swimming quickly through the calm blue water that felt as warm as some elusive dream.       Feeling the small waves break around my body I once again dropped my feet to the sand below. This time my toes digging into it’s softness. Then with the water now hitting the top of my thighs I began walking the rest of the way. Wading through the warm water with every step. Scanning the beach from side to side the shocking realization hitting me that it was now empty, and the little fella, my little puppy companion who’d been frightened to get his paws wet was nowhere in sight and was gone. 					*************It must have been just after one in the afternoon when Steve arrived on my balcony. Myself sitting there still without the Little Fella. My brother on cloud nine after no doubt getting laid all morning. Looking about, he asked. 	“Where’s pups?”Good question, Having searched every inch of the beach, and more. Looking for the tracks his tiny little paws would have made in the sand. Searching the trees. Scanning the water for his little body in case somehow he’d drowned. The inside of the many hotels in case, like myself, someone had scooped him up thinking he was lost. But, no, nothing.   	“Disappeared.” I said. “When I was swimming.”	“You drown him as well?” 	“Fuck off.” I replied bitterly. Then carried on with, “Where’s the wife?”	“Sherri’s great.”	“not what I asked?” I said as I then realised he was again hiding something. Then on a hunch and not wanting to worry him, I said.	“She’s fucked off again has she?”And she possibly had, the moment I said it I could see it in his face.	“She’s at the temple, someone died, and some hundred year old man’s in town. Said she needed to see the guy while he was here.”I thought back to the old guy I’d seen her pawing over the night before in the bar and wondered if it could be him. But that was just speculation and the kid didn’t need stuff like that festering though his mind. So I said. 	“She’s probably with that old guy we saw in the bar.”  Fuck, you idiot, I then saw the kid begin to inwardly squirm. The young man obviously worried again at the fact she may never come back. But what could I do now I’d said it, planted the seed so to speak. Then in my mind I made a decision. If you can’t say anything good. Then just don’t say anything at all. So that was it, that was the solution – done deal - it was what I’d do from now on. Silence would be as they say golden. Then I said,	“She’s gone off to find someone else to come on her tits.” But this time there was no reaction. No anger or retaliatory words to my ungovernable crudeness. Instead, with a shrug he simply said,	“you’re just jealous that’s all.” 	“Is that right?” I answered in surprise.	“Yeah,”	“Ok. So tell me if you’re now her fiancé, then why you not going with her to this ‘temple’?”	“She offered but said they go on forever and I’d be bored. Said it would be too hot and I should stay with you so you don’t feel left out. She’s thinking of everyone in the family now we’re back together and part of it cos we’re in a serious relationship.”	“She said all that, she don’t even speak English properly?” But she did, I knew that much. Hearing the girl go on and on all night with her dialogue. The girl having a better grasp of the English vernacular than she was letting on with her simple ‘me not marrieeeed...’ and ‘me no boyfrienddddd…’ bar girl charade she’d been putting on for me. 	“Yeah well we communicate in a different way because we have this special bond. You wait till tomorrow when she’s back. You’ll see what I mean.”      But I didn’t have to wait that long before I saw her next because she wasn’t at the temple, she was at the arena, waiting to cheer on her other boyfriend Lee Wilkes as he prepared himself to become the Mai Thai Champion of south east Thailand. 					******************With one last look for the Little Fella I’d bought myself a clean shirt, put my boots back on and headed to the arena. The place full to the brim with both Thai’s and locals. The big night of the season. Heavily advertised and already in full swing as we’d arrived to watch other younger boxers as they’d waye’d. Pressing the inner palms of their boxing gloves together in a prayer like gesture as they bowed their heads and held the tips of their gloves to the sky. Then kicked the shit out of each other until one was either knocked out or the blood was ruining the canvas floor.       The place packed with a good mix of tourists and locals. I looked about at the ex-pats who no doubt lived here with their young Thai wives. Then to the moms and dads away with the kids all looking relaxed. The kids fidgety in their hard plastic seats that made their asses itch. Proud of their sun burn and peeling noses. The old guy I’d seen last night in the bar there also watching the action. The gentleman sporting a different girl on either arm. The man sitting close to me half way up the arena. Watching the action through his watery eyes, happy and fascinated by the fights.	“You think we could take them with all the shit dad taught us?”	“Not here no. In a cage or in the street maybe. We’d need to get them on the floor. Those kicks are pretty strong. You wouldn’t want too many of them hitting you in the knee.” I answered in total honesty. And they were strong, the kids whipping those kicks in despite their age and landing them with tremendous force at will. Everyone watching, oohing and aahing when things got messy. Everyone there waiting for the big event. The main ticket. Lee Wilkes, the wonder tough kid all the way from Brookesville Florida. The tough American with his MAGA hat in his locker, who was here to show these locals how it was done. 	As the pre events came to a close and they cleaned the blood from the floor, the atmosphere changed. The lights dimming the music fading down. Then as if that truck that made the rounds touring the restaurant circuit night after night had itself entered the building and attached itself to the PA system the Rocky music started up again. Boom – Boom Boom Boom……. Booom….. Boom…..Boomdly Boomdly  Boom…… Booo-ooommm!The spot lights came on, as two beautiful girls appeared from the within a tunnel at the side of the arena. The pair of them, majestic, with their long dark hair and longer legs. Both wearing knee high boots, tight shorts and tighter tops, making their way to the ring. Reaching it they climbed up and dipping under the ropes separated, as they strutted to either side of the ring.       Raising their arms in the air they began to make slow laps around the ring, waving to the audience as the whistles and cheers reigned down from the stalls. Watching them with his mouth open Steve said, to me as I sat there in shock.	“Holy shit, what the fuck?” Then looking to him as he looked to me in disbelief, I asked.	“Give up your girl for one of them would you?” Shaking his head Steve looked back to the girls, saying.      “In a heart-beat.”       “Well that’s nice but the one on the right is my girl May, so she’s taken and the other one’s a guy so have fun with that.” Steve looked at me, 	“Fuck off - she’s your girl? No fucking way?” But she was, well kind off I suppose. Steve looked back to the ring as the girls made their way to the center. Then with a wave of her hand to me, she held my gaze and as though I was the only man in a five thousand seat arena, she blew me a kiss.	Steve stared at her for a moment, then swung his head quickly to look me in the eye. 	“Was that to you?” He asked as he looked behind hoping to see some sort of Greek Adonis worthy of such a beautiful girls attention. Not seeing one, he looked back as the music intensified once more. The announcer stepped into the ring once more and holding the microphone to his lips said in perfect English.	“Ladies and Gentlemen, welcome to the main event. Fighting tonight for the South East Thailand Mai Thai championship belt Mr Leeee Wilkessss! And with that Lee Wilkes entered the arena followed by his entourage. The guy now wearing a silver cloak that sent shooting stars from the spot lights beaming back into the crowd. The young man from Florida living the dream.	“That the same prick who was on the back of that truck?” Steve asked as he stared down at the man walking through the crowd towards the ring. 	“Yep.” I answered as I looked at Sherri right behind him as she followed with the small entourage he’d amassed. If Steve hadn’t seen her, then all the better. No need to ruin the night. Then I said.	“That your girl there with him?” Forgetting about May and her sister, Steve stared hard with half his ass coming off his seat. The girl in a cap, looking good in full make up and glitzy clothes as though she’d just stepped off of Rodeo drive. 	“No, can’t be….” Steve answered as he still watched from afar. “Can’t be. Looks like her though., I give you that. But no. Sheri’s at that funeral at the temple.” But with those words I know that deep down he knew it was her - and the only funeral she’d attended was his. 					***************With Steve not really wanting to talk we sat in a restaurant and waited for May and her sister to arrive. Steve looking as though he’d just lost his dog. Myself having done just that, but still smiling. 	Then they arrived, May opening the door first and entering with her sister in tow. The two girls in their civvy clothes now but still looking good. Reaching the table we both stood. As May looked to my shorts and my big boots then kissed me on the lips. Saying with a smile.	“Hello handsome.” With her hand out she shook Steve’s hand and introduced herself with perfect manners before introducing her sister to us both.	“Le, this is my boyfriend Sandy.”I liked that, this beautiful girl standing there in her sexy flip flops claiming me to her sister as her man. Steve though I felt had forgotten about his tramp of a girl and was still in shock with regard May’s and her sisters beauty. The man with his mouth half open, for once speechless. Carrying on May looked to him and smiled. 	“And I take it that this is Steve?” She said with not a hint at all of her knowing the struggle I had been through trying to find him along with the reason why. 	“Yes,” Steve said. 	“Le, pleased to meet you.” Le said politely as I pulled out two chairs for the girls to sit down. The two of them playing with their hair as they did. 	“And what about the fight, did you enjoy that?” May asked. And I had enjoyed it. The ferocity of the punches and the power in the kicks way beyond what I’d witnessed in the previous bouts. It had been good, a close match, ending with a knock out in the final round. A full on crowd pleaser that was for sure. Along with seeing May and Le up there with the numbers held high in between rounds. Both looking cool as they walked in circles. The fact that the local guy I wanted to win hadn’t, and that I’d had to watch my brother squirm as that arrogant prick pranced about the blood splattered ring and kissed his girl in celebration at the end like some sort of king. 	“I wish the Thai guy had won.” Is all I said.	“Oh don’t worry he did.” Le replied. Confused I looked to May then to Le as she surprisingly said in perfect English.	“The man lost - but he’ll go home bruised with his pockets full, and the other guy will go home with just a cheap chromed belt believing he’s a hero.” I sat there looking to them both and then to Steve. 	“What about prize money?” I asked, “there has to be prize money?”But there wasn’t any.					******************      We sat on the beach in the moonlight and watched the waves gently end their journey, falling and sinking into the sand. Me in my big boots, May barefoot. Her head against my shoulder as though I had been hers and hers alone for all of her life. Then I thought about the Little Fella,  And just as I was about to admit to her that I had lost him, May said.	“What happened to the dog?”Taking her head off my shoulder, May looked to me with concern. 	“I lost him. I think he run away.”	“How?” 	“I was swimming right here and when I got out he was gone.”Placing her head back against me May stayed silent for a while. Then said. 	“It happens, but you’ve got some good karma coming your way so maybe he’ll show up.”Good karma? Now that was a stretch, Especially with the shenanigans I’d pulled lately. Mine was all used up, I was sure of that. That though was a side of me I certainly did not want this beautiful girl to know about. I’ll be keeping that to myself for sureSo taking a deep breath. I said.	“Tell that to the guy who went out the window.” Fuck! For once, just once would be possible just for once to keep my big mouth closed. Confused May waited a moment thinking. Then finally she asked,	“Are you talking about what happens with the ladyboys in Pattaya?”	“Yeah,” I said for once not lying. May frowning, thinking, then saying, in a quiet and manner of fact way.	“Yes, well they do that. It’s a thing. Happened the other night as well I heard. Some gay guy in Boystown went through a window. Then another on walking street. That guy died though. Two in a row on the same evening. Would you believe it?”	“Really?”	“Yes, sad hey. Poor man…. Anyway, no I was talking about you and the little puppy you just rescued, and don’t forget all those lottery tickets you bought and handed out as gifts. And the dress you bought me.” Dress - what dress?       “Good karma, it’s coming your way. I think.” May carried on saying. The lottery tickets, yes, I did remember. I remember watching the poor guy. The guy in his wheel chair, forcing his way through the crowd. The man looking hot and worn out as he stopped at me. The man opening his case full of lottery tickets and offering them up for me to buy. Then me being me, buying the lot so as he could go home. Then after as I stood there like a fool with this beautiful women in the corner of my eye waiting on the off chance Steve would pass by, I’d given them all away to any local who looked like they needed a bit of luck. 	“You saw that?”	“Oh yes, I saw that. Why do you think I’m here now?”Okay, well, that kind off puts a little piece of the ‘why me’ puzzle into place. 	“Yeah, you know, felt sorry for the guy.” 	“Well, be proud, as that woman you gave some tickets to. The one with the kid. She hit the jackpot.” The one with the kid. I sat up and looked to May. If I could remember some of that night I certainly did remember her. Seeing her there passing with her kid and thinking the boy should have been in bed.  	“Really?” I said in surprise.	“Yeah, she hit the jackpot. She’s been asking about you. Wants to say thanks.”Smiling, I looked at May. Now that was the best news I’d heard in a while. That and having one of the two most beautiful girls in the arena blow me a kiss, then claim me as her boyfriend that is. Made up for having to endure Steve’s short lived engagement to some cock sucking bar girl I suppose.	“How much she get?” I asked.	“They say, it was thirty five thousand baht. So a hell of a lot.”	“Wow.”	“people say, there’s bad people trying to get it off her now though. Cops as well wanting there cut.”	“Cops?”	“Yeah, they’re not all good - It happens.”Then we sat there, May looking out to sea. Myself wondering about the little fella along with Steve who’d wandered up the beach arm in arm with Le. The young lady looking more feminine than most girls with her long legs and slim waist and features. May being completely open about the girls gender. The big question for me though, since both Steve and I had been in her company was whether the girl had gone all the way with this transition from boy to girl she had obviously taken to perfection. That though was something that was really none of my business. So I left it. Then asked. 	“Your sister got a dick?”	“Oh yes.” May answered without hesitation. “You know that though right, I told you.”Did she? I wondered. There was a few things I’d been told but couldn’t remember because of my drinking. The dress being another of them. 	“I just thought, maybe it’d fallen off that’s all.”	“Oh.” May answered. “No it’s still there. That things not going anywhere. She likes it.”Fuck me, this is going to be good. Steve doing his best work to get over that bar girl and I fix him up with a guy. Well worse things have happened. 	“You worried about Steve?” May asked.	“Why, should I be?”	“No,” May said, “but they looked quite cozy when they left. So maybe, well you know.”Well you know?	“you’re his brother. If he does not know then you think he’s going to get angry?”That one I was not sure about. Normally no, he’d either laugh it off or drop and start experimenting. But today of all days - who knows. Suddenly finding a three course meal tucked away in a girls panties could send him over the edge. Then before I could speak May said. 	“Don’t worry, Le’s no softy, she’s done Mai Thai since she was four. She’d have given that American guy a problem tonight if it had been her in that ring.” 				******************      By the time morning had come. Steve was back in his room and we found Le sitting on the deck. But it was Le who had the shiner and not Steve. What had happened it turned out, is that things had all been going well, until Steve decided to go out on the town.       Leaving May to talk to her sister and so as not to make a scene, I pulled my brother to one side.       “You went looking for that fucking slut didn’t you?” I asked. Which Steve vehemently denied - but I knew him better. To me, in my mind it was pretty straight forward and obvious. I could just see the two of them walking arm in arm along the circuit until my brother had come across the celebration party taking place in some restaurant he’d been hoping to find. The place full of western wanna be kick boxers loaded to the tits with testosterone. All of them whooping it up a storm. Celebrating with the new champs and his friends - all fresh out from Florida in their wife beater shirts. The guys buddies with their mullet hairdos and goatee beards bigging up the victory of their newly crowned king.       And I hadn’t been wrong.       All of the guys in training drunk on little more than three beers after downing water for months in the hope of achieving peak physical fitness as per their local Thai trainers instruction. The friends out from Brookesville, not in training, well on their way with the booze before the fight had even started. The normally a quiet place to eat they’d descended upon now turned into just the opposite.       The wanna be Mai Thai fighters, themselves young boys, all in their late teens or early twenties. Sent away by their parents in the hope they learn some discipline. The young men, rowdy in victory. There with their new Thai girlfriends they’d met whilst blowing their parents hard earned allowance money whoring in the local bars. The boys doing what they could to show everyone what pricks they really were back home and emulate the new champion in town. 	So like the fool my brother was and with an incredibly beautiful young lady on his arm, he’d headed inside. Cutting through all the cheering and chaos of drunken youth, absent of authority, as they laughed and jeered. He’d sat himself down and ordered a beer. One for himself, and one for Le. The two of them both sober in amongst a sea of ovations and debauchery.       Sweaty boys doing their best to be men with their red virgin cheeks and wet hair. Throwing beer and insults in play as they wrestled and jousted in the hope that their new king Lee Wilkes would show the twinkling of attention they craved. Then Lee Wilkes had arrived through a door in the back of the room. The king of the hour, the South East Thailand Mai Thai champion. This hero from Florida who’d arrived, trained hard and defeated Thailand’s best. This man who they all wished they could be.       The man moving with purpose, his new title belt nonchalantly slung over his shoulder as though he’d just slayed a dragon. The man carrying the swagger and attitude of a champion. Then Steve had seen her, this girl he loved, as she’d arrived from the washrooms adjusting her dress. The girl he adored then standing there draping her arms around this new champion’s neck. Kissing the man’s cheek over and over until she’d seen Steve and stopped. 	“And?” I asked, as I shook my head wondering if the man was ever going to get a brain.	“And what?” He asked back as he looked at me.	“And?”	“Well your girls sister, must have been bored as she asked if we could go.”	“And, you didn’t, and you started a fight?”	“No – not me it was her. She knocked that guy who just won that belt out.”That one I had not expected. 	      “Sorry? She knocked him out?”	“Yeah, he got mouthy with her and she kung fu’ed him in the chin.” And that’s exactly what had happened. Le seeing the girl Lee Wilkes was with staring at her man and quickly understanding the situation. Not wanting to find herself in the centre of a love triangle. The girl had stood and had begun to leave, only for Lee Wilkes to spot her and knowing May’s beautiful sister from the few big venues he’d fought at and attended during his rise to the top, and being the bigoted prick that he was, had raised his arms in a command for silence before saying loudly for all to hear.      “Trannies and their fag boyfriends can fuck off and drink next door.”And before Steve could understand that the idiot was referring to his new girl and him. Le had moved towards him fast, swung around and caught the newly crowned champion in the neck with her right foot and knocked him to the floor. Only sadly to be sucker punched in the face by a younger wanna be Mai Thai champion who was also soon to have his dream cut short.        The kid being one of the boys we’d seen fight and lose earlier in the night. The young man having had a thing for May and Le and getting nowhere all evening as they’d waited back stage. The young man with an attitude, who wasn’t yet even good enough to win a match that his opponent had been paid to lose.	“Okay?” Said May, as we arrived back on the deck at the same time she’d finished talking to her sister. The beautiful woman holding her composure as she walked into Steve’s hotel room without asking and bringing back out a cold beer wrapped in a small towel. The two of them talking in Thai as she held the towel to Le’s eye. Then May turned to Steve in outrage. 	“That man - he said fuck off to you and my sister?” 	“Yeah.” Steve answered as May turned to me to say.	“That is so bad – so bad.”					*****************      I was told by May that what we needed to do was to go to the temple. Obviously bad spirits had attached themselves to Le and Steve, she had said, and this is what had attracted the bad energy that had caused the fight. Now if this was truly the case then I’m sure there must have been a coach load of bad spirits all taking a vacation on me. She did though also have another reason for taking a trip to the temple, but I was yet to find this out. 	“It’s where most strays end up when they can’t find a road to live on.” May had said, as we arrived and pulled through a pack of dogs sprawled out on their sides. The dirty mutts full of ticks. All sleeping the day away in the shadow of the temple emblazed in gold.	      “People bring them here when they’ve had enough of their pets or if they’ve found one, say…. wandering the beach.” And with those words, like a miracle, I saw the little fella in amongst a pack of dogs as we got out of the car and approached the temples side. The little fella now with his collar gone. The puppy dog rushing to my feet as he saw me, spinning around and around my big boots until he’d felt my giant hands lift him into the air. May there with me. Gently stroking him with her long fingers and painted nails. The woman looking as though she was about to do a photo shoot in the long clinging gown I’d purchased and did not know. The girl taking selfies with the pair of us and the puppy in amongst the temples towering golden peaked arches and Buddha statues. Smiling she said.	“You see Buddha’s already looking out for you.”And I suppose he was, I couldn’t argue that, as I’d have never thought or known to look here. I said, 	“You think someone was worried and picked him up off the beach?	      “That’s what you did?” May replied with a smile.      Well, it was a little more complicated than that. We walked hand in hand. Myself in my cut of jeans and big boots with a super model at my side. We passed a limousine bus parked at the bottom of the steps. It’s side door open showing comfortable leather airplane seats inside.       Then we walked up the tall steps that led to the temple, and following May’s que, I took off my boots. Pulling out the laces, I made a quick collar and lead and tied the little fella to my boots and barefoot stepped inside. Now I’m not a religious man at all, and if I had ever been in a place of reverence I’d never felt at home. Here though in this place of worship with its golden statues I honestly felt no different.       I looked around, seeing the monks up on a platform all sitting inline. The men of mixed age all crossed legged. Robed in their orange gowns. Their heads shaved and at peace. None looking to the beautiful girl who had just entered the room. The tourists pretending not to be distracted from the imagined awe this sanctuary evoked from within them.       Centre stage sat an old monk, the man looking briefly to us both as we entered. The man whose face I’d seen in photos as he sat in prayer on the back of larger vehicles and mini buses over on the mainland. The man sitting at peace, but looking tired.       Leaning in May whispering into my ear.       “That’s Ajahn Phra TaSol. He’s a big deal down here.”Staring at the man for a moment longer than I should, I looked into his face. His tired sunken eyes lined and watery reminding me of the other older gentleman I’d recently been in the company off. 	“He’s never been at peace, although he should. He’s saved enough souls. He’s never been at peace? The guy’s a monk for fuck sake.“Everyone thought he was gone a month ago,” May carried on saying. “but it looks like he’s back.” And they had thought he was gone. Especially Ajahn Phra TaSol, this monk who’d entered the temple as a young orphaned child and never left. This monk spending his entire long life dedicated to helping all he could. This monk exhausted by age. Thee man laying down on the woven straw mat that he knew so well. Knowing his time had finally come. And as he’d laid there, taking his final inhalations of air, he’d waited for death to take him. Feeling the shallow breaths and his heart slow as his well lived life began to wind down as the day past and became night. Ajahn Phra TaSol just lying there. Listening to the chants of his fellow monks gathered by his side. All chanting as one. Their heads bowed down with rhythm and purpose. Sending ancient spells, cast and spoken softly, in ancient words to the spirits who waited to guide this great man’s spirit onwards. Onwards towards the bright white light of mortality that awaits us all. And then as Ajahn Phra TaSol lay there awaiting the death he longed so much for, he had realized, he was again wasting his time. And getting up again for what felt like the hundredth time, he went off and got some noodles. 	“How old is he?” I asked quietly.	“one hundred and seven.”	“Fuck me.” I said quietly, as I looked about to all the tourists now without their sandals but still in their socks. Some wandering in their shorts with their burnt red legs. Others in their long baggy elephant pants with sweaty faces. All reveling in their new found Buddhist belief. Sitting in their best yoga pose before the almighty Buddha and his oldest trusted ambassador. Each with their heads bowed in silence as the monks to the side of him chanted in groups. 	Still feeling the eyes of the horny men following May as she held my hand, I walked further in. Smelling the incense I looked up to the ornate painting on the ceiling and the golden Buddha that stood before me. More monks lined the walls, sitting cross legged in silent prayer as they soothed the souls of the needy and fed the egos of these self-absorbed proselytes.	We sat down, in front of a young monk, joining the others. Each of us now with our own personal envoy who had Buddha’s ear. The kid in his robe with his bare feet and his smart phone at his side, looking as though he’d not long left school. The boy sitting at peace.       May finding her space before him as I crossed my legs and felt the bones in my ass dig into the ceramic tiled floor. The monk getting straight to it as he eased immediately into prayer. May with her eyes closed, me pretending to close mine as the meaningless words spewed from the young orange robed shaven headed boy before me who should have been out with his friends. The little fella outside yapping. Myself hearing it over this monks unfathomable words. May, serene in the moment. The tourists in their pulled up socks and odd coloured shorts seemingly not. Their heads twisting in irritation towards the door. The Thai’s there seemingly hearing nothing at all.       And then, as the monks chants eased, eventually concluding. I closed my eyes as May opened hers as I felt the touch of her hand on my arm to let me know it was time to wake.       Buddha’s own young emissary staring down at me in complete calm. The young man reaching out his hand as he smiled. The young man taking my right hand in his. Untying a golden sash from his wrist and tying it firmly to mine. Then dipping some hollow reeds into an urn full of water, he pulled them out, and splashed the water they had collected hard into my face. Once, then twice, then three times. And with that he was done.  Any message Buddha had wanted to send to me, had been sent, and I sat there with the spray dripping from my face and a wet shirt. 	I looked to May who with a nod of her head signalled me to leave. The little fella’s yapping outside now outwardly louder than it had been as I’d sat receiving my message from a god I did not know. And then I saw him, this monk who’s only wish now was to die. The man raising his head and looking to me again with his tired eyes. Raising his hand he summoned me over.       Slowly I walked to him. Passing the tourists in their baggy yoga pants and plastic smiles. The man holding his hand to me until I’d arrived. The old monk looking to me through his sharp eyes housed with his worn out sockets. His skin battled and weary. The man slowly taking from his neck the his own personal amulet of Buddha encased in gold and nodding as he placed it in my hand. The monk staying silent. Nodding to me as though we had met before and were old old friends.       The tourists as I respectfully backed away, showing their jealous distain with their snippy looks and comments in a language I could not comprehend, but understood nonetheless. Myself accepting and completely sympathetic to their frustrations. These people, these temple junkies, who’d travelled halfway around the world to visit as many temples as they could find along with the hope of meeting the great one hundred and seven year old Ajahn Phra TaSol before he moved on.       These spiritual travellers seeing their time with their transcendent leader interrupted by a little puppy and a monster in cut down shorts. It was their time, and time was precious to all. There was no doubt that I owed each and every one of them an apology. So with my new gold encased amulet in hand I slowed as I headed to the door. Turned and said to them all.	“Get a life you fucking plastic losers.”Then we stepped outside. The little fella just as excited to see me as he was when I’d popped myself out of the car. May asked.	“What did Ajahn Phra TaSol say?”	“Nothing.” I replied. Then carried on as I showed May the amulet with its little Buddha encased in gold.	“Oh my,” May said as she took the amulet in her hand and looked at it’s fine carving and tiny stone Buddha. Then she looked up at me. 	“Oh, to get one of these, you are so special. So so special. What did you say to those people.”Well I’d gotten away with that one - she hadn’t heard or perhaps understood the accusatory plastic slight I’d just delivered. Just tell her you liked their socks. So bullshitting I answered. 	“Oh, I just told them they’re all cunt’s.” Fuck.I looked to the door half expecting one of the men to come bursting out in anger.	“Really?”	“Yeah, I might get some socks like they have - they’ll look good with these boots and that necklace grandad just gave me.” 					*************      We sat in the car, myself driving through the narrow roads that weaved across the island. My new amulet around my neck. The little fella back safely snuggled into my lap. Motorbikes passing. All travelling as though the riders homes were on fire. Cars sitting up my ass doing just the same. The motorcycle riders pushing the small Honda’s engines to the limit as they scraped past on the inside or the outside of my big fat SUV. Looking to the sash now tied to my right wrist and the new gold Amulet around my neck, May Said,	“So really, tell me the truth, how was your first meeting with your new god?” To be honest, I hadn’t given it much thought. I’d just gone through the motions and then had water thrown in my face by a kid who’d just got off playing games on his phone. Then some old guy who looked as though he wasn’t going to make the weekend had given me a necklace. But there was no doubting that to May it had been a hallowed experience. So trying to look at it all from her perspective, I said,	“Kids lucky I didn’t knock the prick out, throwing water at us like that.”Fuck! As I heard the word leave my lips I tried to keep my eye to the road. Then tried to change the subject. Tell her it was a revering religious experience. So I said.      “Kid should have been at school.”	“Maybe he is at school.” May replied without a moment of hesitation. Then looking to the amulet around my neck, said.	“That’s to bring you good luck. I doubt Ajahn Phra TaSol gives them out that easy.”	“Is that so?” I replied as I wondered if the thing was real gold and how long I’d now have to keep wearing the thing without upsetting my new girls religious sensibility’s. May asked, as I watched another motorcycle pass me at speed before breaking hard in front of the SUV so as it could make a left turn.        “So you want to go back sometime?”I didn’t, that was a given. Unless the little fella got himself kidnapped again by another good Samaritan. But religion can be a sensitive issue at the best of times. I knew that. Especially in a fledgling relationship. Tell her - Yes, absolutely. You’d love to go back. So I said, “No.” And hearing that one singular word dump from my lips the way it had with complete and absolute honesty May for the moment just stared. Her eyes burning into the side of my head. Then with a smile she said. 	“Honesty is good. No one needs a liar in their life.”No, nobody needs a liar in their life – especially my mother.					*************      We moved on, hitting the coast road that ran back towards Chaweng beach. The other temple of a different nature with it’s pure white sand, gentle surf and palm trees awaiting us.       May though, it seemed, not being one to let things go. Had arranged a meet up with the authorities before we’d get there. The police assuring her that they’d be waiting at the Mai Thai training Gym which housed the fighters she’d had the pleasure of meeting at the arena the previous evening. 	“Cops?” I asked, when she’d told me what she had done.	“No one assaults my sister.” She said with surprising ease.	“I think she hit first though.” And according to Steve she had, but maybe there was a chance that my lovely lady did not get that side of the story. I asked.	“How’s it work here then if there’s a fight.” To which placing her hand upon my leg May said. “If you are disrespectful then you have to accept consequences. Had this have been on the street the Thai’s would have left them all unconscious on the road…. Regardless of who started it.” Okay….I remembered being left unconscious in the street myself after getting heavy handed and being thrown through that window by some ladyboy. 	“I get it.” I said “I get it.”	“I’m not like Le,” May then said. ‘I’m not the type to fight. So instead I’ll use the system.”But Le was the type to fight as we know, and the fight was not over. As when we arrived to see the cops waiting outside. Le and Steve were already inside, and Le was lacing up her gloves. 					