Chapter Seven        Le stood in the ring, the ginger headed lad who’d sucker punched her with his foot the night before standing there beside the heavy bag on the gym’s floor below, not knowing what to do. Le up there barefoot, sporting a shiner with her hair in a pony tail. Her dick hanging freely in her lose fitting shorts. The gyms trainer having heard about what had happened the night before not saying a word. Letting it all play out to it’s natural conclusion. 	We walked into the open gym from the outside road. The cops following behind with their holstered guns and their tight fitting brown uniforms and shiny boots. May looking to her sister and then to Steve as the cops found a seat. We stopped at Steve’s side. Looking to the dog in surprise he said,	“Fuck me, where’d you find him?”	“Temple.”	“Yeah?”	“Yeah.”Then he saw the golden sash on my wrist and the amulet.	“What the fucks that?”	“Monk put it there - then threw water on me.” Laughing Steve asked.	“You punch him out?”And my brother hadn’t been wrong thinking this. As there had been a time when we were younger when I had punched out a member of another ministry. But he’d been Catholic, so we won’t go there. I said.	“No - You can never hit a monk….Never - ever.”Then I looked at Le standing in the ring ready to fight as the ginger kid moved from one foot to the other as he thumped at a bag that he knew would not hit back. Turning back to Steve I asked. 	“Why’s she up there and not you?”	“Wouldn’t have it. ‘My fight’ was what she said.”I then looked back to Le standing there with her bruised eye. The kid trying to look tough as he laid his fists into a heavy bag. Sweeping it with low blows after using his feet. The kid deep down wanting to run. And just as I was about to say something, May did it for me. The sexy woman with her long straight hair and longer legs calling across to the boy with the ginger hair who’d kicked her sister in the face.	“I’ll give you a choice you coward - Get up there and fight.” Then with a nod to the two police officers sitting on the bench. She continued saying,  “Or go with them – your choice.”      The kid looking straight to the cops sitting there with their chests decorated in ribbons of merit. Both waiting. Both with little clue as to what was going on and caring less. Then making the right decision, as a wave of courage swept through his frightened body. The ginger haired boy took a deep breath and headed up to the ring and dipped himself under the ropes. 	Seeing things were about to kick off and knowing exactly why, a trainer climbed up, and positioned himself in between the two of them. Then with a slice of his hand whipping down between them both, the fight was on. Le dancing around the ring for a bit, watching the ginger haired young man follow her with his fists raised. Then moving in fast, spinning around, using the same kick she’d used on the champ of the hour the night before. Le caught the boy in the face. Knocking him to the floor along with his pride. Then she waited, giving him time to recover until the boy stood. Shaking his head and feeling the blood run from his nose he began to bounce with his arms raised he shook off the hit to his face and moved forward. The boy doing well and looking good. Jabbing and hooking the way he’d been taught. He jabbed then hooked. Jabbed then hooked. Then let go with a sweeping kick with his right leg. Once, then twice. Every blow almost hitting but none really connecting as Le out maneuvered everything the lad who wished he was back home in England had to offer. The boy who had come half way around the world to become a champion, quickly realizing he was easily being outmatched by a ladyboy – and a pretty one at that.       Then just as he thought things could not get any worse, he jabbed, jabbed again, threw a cross, swung a leg up and out at Le’s head and as soon as he had he felt the heel of her foot hit his chest, as she spartan kicked the boy to the floor. And as he laid there trying to recover the wind back into lungs Lee Wilkes came through the door along with Steve’s fiancé Sherri.				***************      The first people he saw were the police. Then the girl who’d kicked him in the neck the previous night, up in the ring standing over the ginger haired kid on the floor. Seeing him and instantly forgetting about the current fight she was in, Le quickly turned her attention to the champ. Standing there now giving the man the invite to step up and join her in the ring. Then Lee Wilkes saw myself and Steve standing with May and at that point everything must have fallen into place. Without missing a beat, trying to sound cool, and taking a chance the two police men didn’t understand English, he said as he looked over to the two police officers.	“What the fucks five O doing in my gym?” His gym. The man full of arrogance and attitude of a man who’d forgotten he’d been knocked out by a girl the previous evening. The man laying claim and full ownership to the one place that had treated him like a human being, training him up from the loser he was to become a champion. Then I watched the man turn back towards me. The guy knowing my face but unable to give it a time and place. The guy believing in his own narcissistic mind that he still carried street cred. He looked to my brother and said,	“Tell your tranny girl I don’t hit women even if they got a dick.” The man’s whole demeanor being nothing short of screaming out I’m a dumb bigoted fuck. The man standing there with a stocky body of a fighter. His hair shaved an inch above his ears. The man oozing attitude.       Now believe it or not, for pretty much all my adult life I’ve lived by one rule which I’d adopted after reading a quote from Mark Twain years ago. In which he simply said, “Don’t argue with stupid people as they will bring you down to their level.” Or something like that. And this was without a doubt the correct time and place for this rule to be applied. Along with the other reason, being that I was there with May and even though her intentions were malevolent in nature, I was still her guest. So with me being me, I said back. 	“I’m sure her dicks bigger than yours.”Then not quite able to believe what he’d just heard Lee Wilkes stared at me. The man’s infantile brain searching for a clever comeback which could never be found. So waiting, I stood there holding a puppy, then he looked to my legs and my cut off shorts and big boots. The man asking,	“Who the fuck are you?” And then as the stars aligned in his Floridian, red necked, gator infested mind, he remembered. Lifting his arm and pointing his finger to me, he then twisted it at me as though it was a gun.	“Yeah, I remember you, the mouth from the restaurant?” Lee Wilkes said as he looked again to the two cops sitting there at the side of the gym watching now with a little more interest as the new champion began to posture. The man saying as he moved himself from side to side like a dog preparing itself to bite. 	“Some people have big mouths – some people win belts - there’s a difference - you know what I mean?”And I told him straight back.	“Some people get paid to let you win.” Which wasn’t at all an exaggeration of the truth, as after we’d left the temple, and were heading to the gym, May had explained to me exactly how it all worked. 	“It’s not to unlike these guys in Pattaya punching above their weight with the women. The girls there sell them the fantasy that they’re great lovers and handsome and in the end some begin to believe it. Well it’s the same here, these kids and young men come over here to learn how to fight. They pay the gym tens of thousands of dollars for food and accommodation and the opportunity and privilege of being trained for a year or three by the best. Obviously there’s the young men who genuinely want to become better fighters, better warriors. Young men who take the skills learned here back home and progress enough to fight in these cages like they do… And then there are the others. The ones who believe the dream they are being sold. The ones the bar girls like to play with. These are the ones that when the gym has squeezed as much money out of them, they suddenly become good enough to get the opportunity to fight for a title - that they will always win.”	And Lee Wilkes had paid enough, trained enough, and fucked enough of the local girls for his ego to be worthy of headlining at such a venue. The guy winning some synthetic title fight only for his ego to take beating later that evening. Now cops or no cops, the man had a point to prove and that point was to knock out a big fuck like me in front of all who had worshipped him as the king of the gym he was.	      And as those words slipped easily from my mouth, and I called him out as the phony and paper tiger he was, Lee Wilke’s temper flared and he came at me fast with a double spinning kick that caught me square in the mouth and send myself and the little fella crashing to the floor.       Now if I said to you that the kick didn’t hurt and that the only reason I could not block it was that I was holding the dog, that would be untrue. For the man had been trained very well, despite all the bullshit back of the truck razzmatazz that had been thrown in during his three years here in Thailand. And that training had taken out my front teeth. 	Stunned I lay there on the floor and felt the chain of my new lucky amulet across my lips like a horses bit. The taste of iron from the blood which now poured into my mouth from where my front teeth used to be. The cops there before me, looking on curiously as they smoked their cigarettes. May in shock horror,  Steve in disbelief. Lee Wilkes standing over me as though he was the new Mohamed Ali and I was his Sonny Liston as his girl Sherri looked on. Only Sonny Liston never got up. 	Spitting out my front teeth, I then stood and stared at Lee Wilkes as he mouthed off and postured in front of me. Saying the likes off, “fuck with me motherfucker” and “I kill you motherfucker” as he pointed and twisted his hand and fingers towards my face. Unconsciously I reached up to my chest and feeling the new gold amulet around my neck and pulled its chain from my mouth. So much for good luck?I then moved towards him. Feigned him with a right that he began to cover and then as he did I caught his arm with my left hand and grabbing his shirt with my other, dipped down and in a judo move my father had taught me to perfection, I threw the man hard across my back sending him spinning through the air and into the side of the boxing ring.       Then I waited for him to get up. The man winded, scrambling to his feet, jumping in his training shoes with the muscles in his shaved legs flexed. I stepped forward as he instinctively came at me again, the man breathing out hard with every blow as he punched, jabbed and kicked with skill and purpose. Each blow landing on my arms and legs with force as I blocked, out maneuvering every one as it came. Then working out his system and timing which wasn’t far removed from the ginger haired kids, I waited. Watching and listening to his breathing, closing out everything until all that was around me was just myself and this man.       Then he came again, jabbing, swinging and kicking in the same precise and practiced moves. One, one, two, two, kick. Backing off slightly, I waited. The man strong and fit, even if he had fought a title fight the evening prior. Then he came again. One, one, two, two, kick…. Wait, then again One, one, two, two, kick. Only this time, on the last kick I knew he’d be open, and that is exactly when I planted my size eleven into the inside of his standing left foot. Then bringing my left fist through with whip and pace, I caught him on the side of his jaw as his leg buckled below him, bringing him to ground.        As soon as he was down, I was on him, quickly cradling him with my body from behind. Spinning, I wrapped my legs around his neck and holding his right arm, I stretched it out and away from his body as I choked him out until his body went limp. Lee Wilkes, after he’d become the champion he’d trained so hard to be, really wasn’t having the after party he had been expecting.       Standing I looked to the two policemen who had not moved. The two of them still sitting expressionless. Watching on as they smoked. Neither two giving a flying fuck as to what they’d just witnessed. Then I looked to Steve and around the gym until I saw May looking to me with her hand to her mouth. Then to Lee Wilkes still unconscious on the ground. Rushing to me May held her hand out and looked at my teeth. Then she looked to Lee Wilkes lying on the ground alone. His girl Sherri not crouched beside him tending his wounds. The girl again, long gone. In disgust. May said to herself.	“What have I done? What have I done? This was my fault, I should never have bought you here.”But it wasn’t her fault, it was mine and mine alone. 					****************      With myself turning down all offers to go to the hospital or dentist we arrived back at the hotel. Steve and Le now sitting in the back and the little fella sitting on May’s lap.       At least I had him back. I unconsciously ran my tongue across the space where my front teeth used to be. May still in a state about it. Steve enjoying my new look and saying with glee.	“when you got a mouth like yours, that had to happen. Bit of more than you could chew I think.” But I hadn’t. This Wilkes guy being good, Well trained and all, but I had fought better opponents in my day. My father being one. I said, closing the door and scooping down to pick up the puppy, feeling the pain in my mouth as I did. 	“I bet you tonight, your new girl will be wishing it was you with the missing teeth.”					*****************With both of us splitting off to our separate beach chalets May and I sat ourselves down on the deck and looked out across the water. May still in deep remorse saying.	“This has to be the worse trip of my life.”I smiled. For me it was the best ever. I’d found the girl I’d been looking for who’d stolen my money - I’d found my puppy - and I was sitting alone on a deck next to a gorgeous turquoise watered beach with a beautiful girl, who for some reason wanted to be with me. Seriously what could be better. I said.	“I’ve had worse.”	“Really?” May asked. Yeah, like the day my father died.	“Back in Alberta, things got tricky there to.” I said as I thought back to that single gunshot as it pierced the silence and destroyed not just my father but us all.	“You want to tell me?” May asked sincerely in a quiet tone. I didn’t. So I said, as I sucked air through the large chasm where my front teeth used to be.      “Yeah, like the day my father died.”      Fuck.And with those words May just looked at me waiting perhaps for more to come and when it didn’t she simply said. 	“Look at it this way - some dentist will be happy.” Before she carried on taking me by surprise by saying.	“That girl there with that guy you knocked out. She have a thing with your brother?”I looked at her.	“You saw that hey?”If she saw what I’d seen, then she had. The slight looks between the two of them as soon as Sherri entered the room. The way Sheri had looked at Le - then at May.	“It’s a girl thing.” May said as I wondered what I had perhaps missed as I’d had other things to consider. I said, 	“Yeah, small world. You bitches see shit.” You bitches? I then waited, tasting the blood that still seemed to dripping from where my front teeth once sat. Had May picked up on that one? There was little doubt she’d missed it. But yeah, she was correct, it was a small world. I couldn’t deny that. With myself coming to Pattaya, looking for my brother. Meeting May. Looking for my brothers girl. Finding her here hanging out with a wanna be Mai Thai hero. The man fighting at the same venue May and her sister were working at. Conspiracy? There certainly could be. Having a suspicious mind like I had it was something that you couldn’t count out. You did need though to tread careful around this kind of thing. I knew that much. Relationships are fragile things. No one needed to go accusing anyone of anything when it could be just a coincidence.  What I needed to do was find out just how well my new girl knew this Lee Wilkes character. If at all. So I said.	“You fucking that loser as well or what?”She wasn’t, the look on her face as soon as those words left my lips told me that. Along with the tears that followed. But somehow they were connected, and they were connected in a way I was yet still unable to understand.  										************      It’s a strange thing to lose your front teeth. Growing up around ice hockey in Canada having a wayward smile seemed as though it was almost a rite of passage. So far I had been lucky enough to have only lost molars. Now though I knew how all the other kids had felt as teens growing up as my tongue swept around my mouth for the millionth time. May saying as she wiped the tears from her eyes.	“I leave tomorrow, but I can go now if that’s how you feel?”It wasn’t how I felt and having met the first decent women I’d ever met in my life, I did not want her to leave. I needed to try to curb the words that seemed to flow so easily from my now fucked up mouth. So I said as I eyed the absence of life on the deck of Steve’s chalet room with suspicion.	“You think my brothers fucking your sister in there?”May looked at me for a moment and then to the chalet opposite.	“More like the other way.”That one took me by surprise.	“It’s the way she is.” May then carried on saying in a precise and thought out manner, “the girl likes to fight and you know….fuck, and not necessarily in that order, if you excuse my language. It’s the reason I’m here holding up round cards at stupid Muay Thai venues, instead of living in Bangkok making real money doing TV commercials for the Japanese. It’s a choice I made when Le was offered the job at Tiffany’s. Be a model and travel the world, or go live in that cesspool they call Pattaya with her. Someone needs to keep her from getting drunk and catching disease working the ladyboy bars she’d inevitably end up in. So, as I say, here I am. And for the record, no I’m not in a relationship with that man. I’ve seen him at venues, but believe me, he’s not my type. Hopefully I never see him again. We are only here to work, and I thought it would be nice to come see you. Which is a choice I now regret.” 	Sitting there, I looked to this beautiful woman I did not deserve. The girl, I’d fell in love with the instant I’d seen her twist her way through traffic on her little red Vespa. This same girl now with shaking hands, giving out long speeches as she bared her soul to me. Her sister was obviously as big as a problem to her as my brother was to me. The girl having drawn first blood the night before and then gone down to the gym the next day to finish the job. Somehow I needed to clear the air, get things back on track and forget about everything that had happened before and move forward, if I could. So I said.	“You really think she’s fucking Steve?”Taking a deep breath, May looked toward my brothers chalet. Then looking to the turquoise sea she said without looking back.	“My sister is not one for laying down, same for most of these ‘girls’ put it that way.” Well there was a thing. It was the other way around. All this talk I’d heard from guys on the rigs who’d spent there off time out here. Sprouting off, saying shit like –‘Just flipped em over.’ When they’d discovered a girl was smuggling a budgie downstairs. When truth was they were probably the ones being flipped. Especially if the girl could fight the way Le could. But that was Steve’s business not mine. And I wasn’t going to say another word about it. Not to him or anyone for that matter. It’s not as though he was alone in the room with some guy, he’s in there with a girl every bit as beautiful as May. Then as if on cue, Steve stepped out of the Chalet onto the deck holding a can of beer. Seeing me he raised it in cheer. So I said, 	“How’s your ass?” To which he said straight back. 	“Same shape as your teeth.”      Same as my teeth - all smashed up. 							***************            I headed down the beach with the little fella running at my side. My big boots making foxholes in the sand. May needing a break from it all. The girl now getting some rest.      She was, despite my protest, taking the entire incident on her own shoulders. But what had she done other than to come here and see me. Had she called the guy a stupid cunt in the gym and when he was advertising the fight on the back of that truck as I had?  No. Had she gone out drinking with my brother and kicked the guy in the face in a bar? No she hadn’t. She had though bought the cops over to the gym when she’d wanted retribution for the ginger haired lads antics towards her sister. Which in itself was fair enough. Even if Le had lashed out with the first blow. But now she was getting some beauty sleep, not that she needed any. Or so I’d thought she was.  	I reached the end of the beach and turned back. Passing the couples and families playing in the crystal clear water. The women and children who’d seemed to have never seen a puppy before coming back for a second look on our return. The jet ski owners touting their bullshit inflated rates trying to fleece me of my hard earned money knowing better than to ask me twice on my return.       Nodding hello to a Thai man with long hair and tattooed arms standing on the beach at the water’s edge close to my chalet as I passed, I headed up the beach to find Sherri sitting on the deck, talking to May. May looking to me as I’d stopped in the sand in surprise. The beautiful woman giving the slightest of shakes of her head telling me to stay away whilst the girl sat there crying before her.       I looked to the first chalet I’d rented which Steve had now commandeered to see the curtains again closed. Then I took a quick look back down the beach in the direction I had just come from to see the man who’d been standing by the water’s edge no longer there. Moving myself out of May and Steve’s ex fiancés eyeline, I sat myself down under a tree and waited. Looking out across the clear blue water. Watching the small waves as they lapped up onto the beach. What the fuck does she want again. All that I had thought about was finding her and the return of my money for so long, but now I had to admit due to everything, the money had been the last thing on my mind. Why? I’m not sure, maybe it really didn’t matter that much as I now had Steve under my wing again and ultimately I knew he’d eventually pay me back. Despite the protests. Three months at minus 30 on a rig in northern Alberta would see to that. Easy money if you weren’t the person putting in the time. That’s what I needed to do. Let his visa run out then send him back to work on the first flight. Then hang out here. Get a rental to live in and drink coffee and hang at the beach all day. Be a pseudo version of the many wives who drove their expensive SUV’s about in Fort McMurray or Grande Prairie. Going to coffee with their other oil rig worker wife friends whilst their husbands pulled in the coin. All wearing their Canada Goose parkas, flaunting their false nails and even more fake titties.      And when he was done. If I liked it, I’d stay, and that would be that. Of coarse I’m not saying I’m rich, I’m not saying that I had what it takes in the bank to retire. But I did have enough tucked away that I could last a while. Even if the bitch sitting on my hotel chalet deck had taken a chunk.       The first thing May said when I saw that this Sherri girl had gone and I’d returned was.      “I don’t like associating with those type of girls.” And I couldn’t blame her. Then she said. 	      “And she told me what you asked her to do.”That one threw me and in panic, I said,	“She’s the one who asked me to come on her tits.” 	“ Sorry?” May replied.  Then said, “About the money, she said you want her to return the money.”	“Oh?”	“Well, she doesn’t have it. But she has told me where you can find the guy who does.”	“The husband?”	“Yes…. And she’s scared, because he’s a very bad person and that’s why she became close with that idiot Muay Thai guy. She says she only came to Pattaya when this Wilkes man went back to Florida for a couple of months. That’s when she met Steve.”	“Okay?”	“She’s now more scared of the cops.”	“Why?” I asked. Then working it out for myself asked.  “The ones at the gym you arranged, spooked her?”	“Yes, I arranged them to be there to charge that boy with assault. She thinks they were there for her. That’s why she disappeared as soon as the fight started. Anyway, those cops spooked her as you put it, so strangely it worked out. Now she wants to fix everything. All the girl keeps saying is that it wasn’t her. Says the husband got into her bank and withdrew the money. He’s in the north, he works there, brings guys across the Mekong river from Laos to ‘party’ on a boat. Apparently it’s where they met.”      But this husband wasn’t in the north, he was here in Samui and it had been him with the long hair and tattoos hanging about waiting a couple of hundred yards along the beach.    					