Chapter Eight      Saying our goodbyes, we dropped the two girls at the airport then drove to the ferry to take us back to the mainland. Steve now confused. The young man staying silent for almost the whole crossing. Only getting going again once we hit the highway and headed back towards the north. The road seemingly now more dangerous than it had been when we’d headed south. Steve eventually saying, 	“We should have bought Sherri with us.”Oh god not again!	“Sherri’s got a guy, you forget that?” I replied in in an irritated tone.	“You said she was with him cos she was scared.”I had yes. I’d told him what Sherri had said whilst he was getting frisky with a ladyboy a couple of chalets along the beach. But now, if this was going to be his ongoing monologue I wish I hadn’t. 	“I should call her see if she’s alright.”	“Don’t.”	“Why?”	“Just don’t…. Anyway I thought you had a new girl?”Steve thought about that one as he stared out the window at the trees as we passed. Then just said.	“Nah.”	“Why not?” I replied, “She’s prettier than the last one, and stronger. Marry her instead and she can help you with the shopping.”Steve laughed, then looked to me and my missing teeth looking like a defence man from the National Hockey League. Then looking back to the road he said with confidence. 	“Just friends that’s all”	“That’s all?”	“Yeah, friends.”	“And?” 	“And what?”	“You fuck her?”	“No?” 	“Why?”	“She’s got a dick. That’s why.” Steve snapped back, the guy now obviously uncomfortable. Then he said, 	“She did try though.”And she had tried, the same as any young single guy would try it on if he was left in a room with a pretty single girl. Le, moving in close, making eye contact as she talked, grinning as she did in a way that could only mean she wanted one thing. Then he said. 	“Well you know I’m not going to lie, that girls hot and she did keep on so in the end I let her suck me off.”I thought as much, There was no way the two of them could have been in that room alone for as long as they had been and they’d just played chess. I said. 	“You kinky fuck.”	“What about you, you can talk?” Steve then said back quickly. “That girl you fawning over is no different, look at them they twins.”He wasn’t wrong, the two girls looked the same. But he wasn’t right either, they weren’t the same. Le being a scrapper who’d just stepped out of a poster at the local Victoria Secret store to have a fight. And then May who had just the same beauty but not the same male XY chromosome as her sister. Steve said. 	“Your girls got a dick, I’m sure, you just not like me and too shy to admit it.”But she didn’t, I was pretty sure of that. Not that I was one hundred percent sure. Being that the girl had kept her shorts on whilst we’d been together. Nonetheless sticking to my own theory, I said,	“She hasn’t.” 	“Maybe she had it chopped off?” Steve asked.Then showing off my toothless mouth, I laughed. I was getting to know this woman and she was very honest in every way. The girl wearing her heart on her sleeve the way she did. It seemed to me that I’d know by now if she’d had anything, including surgery. Besides, there was one big factor that I had yet to mention to my brother. 	“Well, she’s got a kid, so fuck off.”	“Dads have kids. Our dad had two.” Our Dad. 	“You seen her snatch?” Steve then suddenly asked before I could change the subject. And with a big smile on my face I had to admit that I hadn’t. Not even on that first night we were together. Which I couldn’t remember anyway. 	“No,” I replied, 	“what?” Steve replied. The young man unable to comprehend my words and carried on saying. 	“What you been doing then?”      “Kissing - May said, If I love you, you can kiss me. So things are moving forward.”That line confusing my brother as it rolled of my lips and then unravelled itself in his brain. Then once he understood, he said. 	“You don’t always have to kiss when you fuck, you know that right?”And they say romance is dead.					***************      By late afternoon we had hit the outskirts of Bangkok. Filling up and eating meals from stalls from the PTT stations on the way. The little fella getting quickly into the routine. Knowing when to take a piss and when to sleep. Steve doing the same. Myself feeling the space where my teeth used to be with my tongue as I shouted at all these crazies in their cars and supped up trucks that shared the road.       Looking to Steve as we hit the toll road that would take us around Bangkok. The man just waking. Watching him as he wiped the dribble from his mouth, I said.	“I counted twelve dead dogs so far.”And I had, the poor things lying at the kerbside either fresh or rotting in the heat.	“Thanks for that.” Steve replied as he looked to the little fella as he slept on my lap. 	“You’re welcome.”	“Why’d you come out with shit like that and think I want to hear it?”	“I don’t.” I said straight back, wondering where this was going.	“You got some kind of morbid thing going on with dead animals.”	“Is that right?” I answered wishing now I’d just stayed quiet. 	“Yeah.”	“Well it’s either dead dogs or that money you lost. So take your choice.” I quickly said back. Then he sat quiet as he always did. But while we were on the subject, I said.	“And don’t be going thinking you’re going to get back with that whore because you’re not.”	“Your dad now then are you?” He asked as he looked out the window to the city now spread all around us. 	“Someone has to be.”					***************      By the time the sun had rose again we had hit the bank of the mighty Mekong river. The Lao’s People’s Democratic Republic as they like to be called laying to the east just the other side. It’s buildings riding up from the river bank easily a mile in the distance sitting at the edge of the fast flowing body of water rushing its way out towards the south china sea.      We found a hotel on the rivers bank on the Thai side and settled in. The room coming at premium with king size bed and the convenience of a hot tub on the balcony. The place secret and secluded, with its million dollar view across the water. Standing on the balcony I looked out over the river as it flowed, dragging debris in its wake. The air here cooler than the south. 	“Where are we? Steve asked. It was a good question. We were in the district of Chiang Mai. One of Thailand’s northern most provinces. Sitting now in a couples hotel with its dreamy view. A thousand plus odd Miles from Samui, and a million miles from my home in Calgary and if I was honest, right now, it still was not far enough. 	I woke up in the mid-afternoon to find again the aircon running full blast. The balcony door wide open and Steve sitting in the hot tub with the little fella. The tiny puppy appearing half its size with its drenched fur pushed flat against its skin. It’s little eyes looking to me as it heard me wake and rise. Steve saying as soon as I stood looking to the empty plates and beer cans sitting on the rooms small dining table. 	“Got room service for us both but I ate it all. So if you wanna eat you can call because I think they think we’re a couple of fags”	“It’s because of the dog.” I said back. I went to the bathroom and took a piss. It had been a long drive and it had taken it out of me. I was still tired. On top of that, my mouth was hurting bad. I said,	“Call them and get some pain killers would you.”	“From in here?” Steve shouted back from the balcony. The pricks voice sounding as though I’d just asked him to climb a mountain.	“Well get out then.” I snapped back as I watched my urine hit the water below. Steve lowering his tone and saying . 	“It’s not my fault you got no teeth - let the guy kick you in the chops like that. Should have been more aware of your surroundings.”And wasn’t that the truth. 	“What would you know?” I said back as I finished and walked to the sink and washed my hands. The thought of everything that I should have done to stop myself losing my front teeth had been a constant since it had happened. Bottom line though my big mouth was the common denominator that it always boiled down too. So I said. 	“It was only a matter of time. If it wasn’t him it would have ended up being someone else.”	“Maybe me?”Maybe?The kid was lucky he still had his for all the times in my life the man had pissed me off. But here I was still there holding out some imaginary sword. Covering for him in one form or the other. I walked to the balcony and reaching down pulled the little fella from the bubbling hot tub water. The puppy hot and shaking now in my hands as I held him. 	“You shouldn’t be doing that.” I said. “He doesn’t like it.”	“Just doing uncle shit,” Steve said back, “he needs to learn to swim.”I picked up Steve’s towel and wrapped the little fella in it. Dried him, and threw it to the floor. Then putting the dog down I looked out towards the river. Somewhere out there May had told me this Sherri had told her was a party boat that docked shoreside in Vientiane on the Laos side of the water. The boat moving out after dark and anchoring up in the rivers centre. Where it would wait for another boat to pull alongside and dock. One from Laos and the other from this side of the river in Thailand. This could happen anywhere in this region of the river in either direction. Five or so miles north or south from where we were situated. Maybe, if what this little lying whore that my brother had been hoping to marry was telling the truth. So I waited. 					******************      By the time evening had come I’d taken a shower and eaten, fed the little fella, and taken him down in the SUV to stand on the banks of the raging Mekong. Him there sniffing around at my feet as I stared at the city lights of Vientiane on the other side. It’s tall buildings bathed in sun. From what I could see there was no party boat moored up on the other side and nothing on this side for that matter.             Maybe it was bullshit, Maybe this Sherri girl had just sent us north with a garbage story. It was possible. The girl didn’t have the greatest track record for honesty. So sitting myself back in the seat at the wheel of my huge gas guzzling vehicle I sat and waited. The thoughts of the last few days since I’d arrived in this country buzzing around my brain. Alberta and my father interrupting any decent memories that floated through. The words of that cop Soone who had travelled all that way to Chumphon to talk to me in my head. May thankfully interrupting them all with a phone call. She said as I answered.	“You up? It’s late, I just finished work.” 	“Yes, I’m up. I’m out with the little fella, getting him some air.”	“I’m sure he won’t care where he is as long as he’s with you.” That was true, Then May asked.	“How’s your mouth?” 	“Have I upset anyone, is that what you mean?”	“No, are you in pain still?”	“A bit - feels different though.”	“I’m sure it does - I’ve spoken to a dentist, he can do implants. Swiss implants, not the Chinese type. He’s good.”	“What’s the point, someone’ll only knock them out again.” I said as a joke and knowing there was an element of truth to my words.	“Let us hope not.” May answered with a smile in her voice. Then she asked.	“How’s Steve?”	“In the hot tub probably.”	“You have a hot tub?”	“Big one on the balcony. And you were right about him and your sister.”	“Doesn’t surprise me.”	“Surprised me.” I said, and it had. 					***************      It was just after midnight and just as I was about to give up and put the car into gear to pull away that I saw it. The long party boat on the far side of the river with its glass windows moving down stream with the current. Watching as it passed me, I stared out at the boats running lights as it moved silently in the water. Leaving my headlights off, I pulled away from where I’d sat waiting and watching. Following along, some five hundred yards behind. 	Reaching a turn in the river it stopped. The boat laying anchor as the current stretched its chain and moved the boat at will. Then almost as if it had been sitting waiting somewhere in the darkness as I had, a smaller boat, unlit and hidden in the gloom, headed out of the bank, crossed the river and pulled itself up on the blind side.  	I sat there, it seemed for the longest time. Myself looking out across the water at a boat that did nothing more than just sit there at anchor with certainly no party going on. Then just before two a.m. I heard the sound of an engine and saw the small boat as it appeared again. Pulling away from the larger vessel and disappearing into the night . The party boat releasing its anchor as it’s engine blew hard. Pushing itself out and turning in a large circle, as it headed back up stream.					*************	      So the young lady had been correct. No lies this time. For once. The party boat was there, but was the husband with it? That was the question.  I headed back to the hotel and as soon as I opened the door to the room I saw Steve still sitting in the hot tub. 	“You’ll turn into a prune.” I said as I put the little fella on the ground. 	“You see that boat?” Steve asked as he sat there with his arms out of the water, stretched out either side, resting on the tubs side, bubbles around his chin.	“No.” I answered, lying.	“I did, you should have stayed here. Sat in here with me.”	“No thanks, don’t want to catch herpes.”	“You already got it.”Good one, But I didn’t have it. That or anything else, bar a mental health issue that wouldn’t allow me to keep my trap shut. And of course, now a mouth with what felt like half its teeth missing.	“So you going boating?” Steve then asked.And boating I would be going, that was certain. But first I needed a boat. 					***************	The next morning I went and bought myself some water and food, and some binoculars from the Big C shopping centre. Then I went and found myself a paddle board from some outdoor adventure store. I knew that there was a high chance the boat would moor itself in the same spot as it had the night before. Steve’s ex fiancé telling us roughly where it would be and she had not been wrong. So why should things change?       Leaving the little fella in the capable hands of Steve I set off just before dusk and dropped the paddle board off by the side of the river. Discretely hiding it within some reeds.       I then looked around for some visual markers that I could see once it got dark. An old post holding a rusty sign written in Thai close to an even older abandoned shack which years before had lost it’s door. Leaving myself a visual marker consisting of  a ribbon tied to the post. I jumped into the SUV and turning around headed down stream. 	With the area in sight where I’d seen the boat moor up the previous evening, I kept on driving. Travelling along the side of the river as I looked to speedometer and caught the millage. A mile later I found a place to park the car close to a naturally formed beach and with a bottle of water in hand I locked up and began the journey back on foot. 	Keeping my head down I carried on. Heading upstream as the small parade of love hotels came and went. Looking up and seeing the balcony where Steve would no doubt be relaxing in the hot tub as I passed. Then the road became quiet and by the time I’d arrived at the old shack it was dark again. 	Waiting as a car passed, I watched its tail lights fade far into the distance before I  slid myself down the river bank and sat at the waters edge. The current there lapping at the stones as the water passed before me. Sitting down on a rock I waited. The air cooler as I rested by the water. The countless mosquitos tickling the rear of my legs and ears as they looked for a place to land. Fuck it though, What did I expect, it was all part of the process. What did I think was going to happen if I sat out by a river in the tropics at dusk. Northern Alberta would be worse. But back home there was no Malaria, or Dengue fever and all the other shit these little fuckers had the pleasure of carrying.       Then I thought of Steve, sitting up there on the balcony, no doubt with a beer soaking himself silly in the bubbling water. Slowly broiling in that big tub as I sat down here sorting out his mess.       Then at just around eleven I saw it again. The faint lights of the party boat moving towards me in the far distance through the darkness of night. Standing, I pulled the new paddle board out from the reeds, took a decent swig of my water and with the boards leash in my hand I cast it off into the river. Taking the board into its grip, the current quickly took a hold of the eight foot by three foot slab of expensively shaped and coated foam. Straining my arm I felt the tug from the rivers water. Then pulling it back to the rocks beneath my feet I crouched down and waited for the boat to get close and eventually pass.       Although it had to be at least a half mile away in the rivers centre, the boat looked closer now as it reached me. The party vessel passing by in ominous silence. Travelling just that little bit faster than the current to maintain control. Then just as the party boat had glided itself back into darkness, with my paddle in hand I stepped onto the board, kneeled down and allowed the current take me away. Gently dipping my paddle into the turbulent water, I guided myself towards the rivers centre.       Letting the current do all the work except steer, I followed the party boats fading wake. In no time at all I passed the hotel where for the moment Steve, the little fella and I called home. And as the lights of the building sent multi coloured streams across the water I wondered if Steve had spotted me as I believed I had him.       Now you may think a manoeuvre like this one, fucking about on the Mekong as I were in the middle of the night would be tricky and perhaps hazardous to one’s health and wellbeing. But knowing me now as no doubt you do, then perhaps you’d understand that I have a tendency to not care. Obviously a childhood of riding the fast flowing wild and turbulent Bow River for miles in exactly the same manner as it wound itself through the city of Calgary was great in preparation for such a feat. Feeling the cold off the glacier fed waters every summer as a kid definitely helped. Back then when there’d been a family of sorts. My father leading the way. All three of us life jacketed up. Steve in the centre. My father and I flanking his sides. My mother in the rubber dingy with a little flask and sandwiches that tasted so good at the end of each and every journey following on as we passed through parks and under bridges in the sunshine for what seemed like an age. 	This time though, the water was not as cold and there was no life jacket to save me from drowning, or sandwiches waiting for me at the other end. I was on a mission and although the party boat was around a quarter of a mile in front of me, I was right on it’s tail. Feeling the river lap at my knees and legs, I carried on paddling for one moment and steering the next until in the distance I saw that the boat had slowed and I was getting closer. 	Swinging the oar from side to side I guided myself towards the boats rear and then faster than I thought it would be, I was suddenly right on it.       With the river pushing me forward I hit the boats stern, and watched the water as it churned beneath the boat. The paddle board wedging it’s nose against the crafts steel. Then as the waters current spun the board around pushing the side of the board against the vessels hull. I reached up and grabbing the bottom rung of the side rail, I pulled myself up. Twisting my body, I then bought my left foot in the air, digging the toe of my boot under the rail as the paddle board moved off from beneath me to leave me hanging.       And there I stayed for a moment as I questioned my life choices and thought of Steve, no doubt with his eyes closed. Tugging his dick as he laid alone in the big hot tub. The fast moving water racing below me. The sound of the anchor chain pulling as it’s steel links strained. 	Hauling myself up I dragged myself over the rail and stood on the deck. The rivers cool wind blowing in my hair. My legs and feet dripping wet. The boat dark at its stern. The glass windows blacked. I moved forward to look inside. The window glass dirty, almost opaque with grime. There were people inside and they were foreigners from what I could tell. Maybe eight in total. Maybe ten. All lounging about speaking in a language that sounded German. Sinking down I dropped to my knees and wetting my finger slowly cleared a fingertip piece of grime from the outside of one of the window panes. Yes they were Germans or from that region. All cleanly dressed and looking like clones with matching black T Shirts that read, Bavarian Christian Mission Group. 	So missionary’s maybe. The group of men all middle aged and soft in their features with their leather sandals and shorts. Some wearing backpacks, others with leather bum bags sitting on their hips. I stood and looked around, wondering where the boats captain and whoever the deck hand was could be. Then I heard a door open and through the window on the other side of the boat I saw movement as a man passed, heading out towards the vessels bridge.       I moved forward and through the bridges open door sneaked a look at the captain. The man there fiddling with his switches as the engine came to a rest. The deck hand collecting his rope, readying himself for the smaller boat to arrive.       Peering through the darkness of the river I then saw it. The small boat moving against the current as the water lapped at its bow. One of the men on either this boat or the one which would be joining us shortly would be the husband who had my money. But which one it was I did not know and in truth, now I was on board either way it did not matter.	Then I heard them, these Christian soldiers. Their voices now raised in excitement as the small boat came into view, drew closer and pulled alongside. These Christian saviors doing their bit for the lord as they travelled through Lao. All ignoring the fact they were outnumbered one thousand to one by a different faith. Calling upon schools and hospitals, handing out their kindness in the form of monetary exchange. Dropping of their currency and bibles to the needy in the slenderest hope that for each and every soul they saved via change in worship would bring them one step closer to their lord. 	But there was always another side to the coin, and it was one which Christians or not needed to be addressed. A basic need that fuels in one form or the other the motivation for so many things in this world we live in. A hunger which here in this boat they could consume. This need to touch and be touched. And as they felt the two boats collide whilst the smaller boat docked alongside with a soft thud. The select few evangelists of the Bavarian Christian Mission Group congregation, with their matching T shirts tucked neatly into the Khaki shorts, all cheered in glee. As after delivering all their saintly sermons and dispensing their reverent acts of god, they knew they had finally arrived at the place they all had truly come all this way to be. Alone and far away from the prying eyes of loyal subjects and pious elders. Far away from their devoted wives and congregations tucked away in the small villages and towns in the foothills of the southern alps. They now knew they could get down to it again and get on with some good old fashioned fucking. Only the passengers being bought in on the small boat that the husband I’d been looking to find were not women. But instead children and every person waiting or facilitating their arrival on that boat was soon to have a big problem, and that problem was me.  					