Chapter Nine:        I waited in silence, curbing the anger I felt brewing inside as I watched the young children dressed in badly sewn adult clothes purposely made to palate the fulfilment of these creatures that waited excitedly within.       Then I saw him, the man who in my mind had to be the only one of the three Asian men who stood the chance of being this girl Sherri’s husband. The same man I’d seen waiting on the beach only a day or so before. The man with his long hair and tattooed arms.       The man ushering off the children from his small boat one at a time. Showing zero remorse for the horrors that would be inflicted upon them by these reverent men who claimed to know god. 	Keeping to the shadows I moved along the deck and waited at the side of the boats bridge doorway for the next person who would step out and be dispatched. The first being the captain of the party boat. The man stepping out and lighting a smoke as he stood there all sweaty and bare chested in his shorts and flip flops. The man listening to his fellow crew as they chatted back and forth in Lao. The captain without a care, ignoring the crying children as they stood scared at the bow of his boat.       Creeping up behind him I wrapped my arms around his neck using a Port Alberni chokehold I’d learned from my father. Feeling the sweat of the man’s chest and neck drip onto my arms I held him there as he kicked out with his feet until he’d stopped breathing. Then with the man barely alive laying beneath me I stood still and waited, listening to the children cry and the missionaries within quietly talk nervously amongst themselves. 	Then just as I was about to say fuck it and go in myself and dispatch the rest, the deck hand stepped through the door out onto the deck. The man looking down to the boat captains body lying motionless and before he could call out to his remaining colleague inside he’d found himself like his friend unable to breathe with my forearm stuck hard against his windpipe. With the man still trapped in my arms I quickly maneuvered him to the edge of the boat and dropped him into the black water below.   	Then looking up I saw him, as he stood at the bow of the boat now looking straight at me with the Captains body laying between us. The look of terror and disbelief upon his face. This man who Sherri claimed to be her husband. This repugnant being, built of an evil far beyond anything I had ever comprehended before.       The man who without feeling, fed from the desperate, the weak and the poor. Manipulating them via incomprehensible financial or violent threats to give up their children. This man who had coveted and seduced the love of my brother’s life as a child so many years before.       Without a moment of hesitation I ran at him, treading on the head of the captain as I went. The husband moving quickly through the cover of the crying children as he fled. The man leaping from one boat into the next as I followed. Throwing myself over the side of the party boat and into his. I landed with a thump onto the wet and oily deck. Sherri’s husband moving quickly to the rear of his small boat. Quickly I then stood, just in time to see him burst from the small boats cabin with a sawn off shotgun. The man letting off one blast after the another as I jumped from one side of the boat to the next as the shot pellets whipped past me through the air. Then as he cracked the shotguns neck to reload I was up and on him again, racing down the boat in my big boots and cut down shorts. With my right leg planted firmly to the deck I pushed myself up as I neared his body as the man bought up his shotgun again to shoot. My left foot catching him in the base of his neck and knocking him to the floor. And it was at that point that I knew I had him.         Reaching down, I grabbed the man by his shirt and hit him square in the face. Once and then twice. The husband calling out in pigeon English as he felt the first blow hit home.	“Have money I you money…” But I no longer gave a shit about the money. So I hit him again. Then again as he called out. 	“Money, have money now.”Then behind me I heard movement, and it was the German’s crossing from the party boat into the smaller one, and they were coming for me. Letting go of the husband, I quickly turned, picked up the shotgun and seeing that there was two new cartridges loaded, I snapped the barrel shut. Then I let one barrel go, the shot blasting out and catching the lead German missionary straight into the centre of his nicely ironed and tucked in T-Shirt. The man flipping backwards off his feet and falling over the side of the boat with the blast from the gun. Then quickly I turned to see that the husband had gone. Fuck!I looked around as the rest of the terrified Germans backed off. There was no way the man could have gotten in front of me without me seeing him. With the gun still stretched out in one hand towards the German men, I looked to the dark water. Nothing. No one hanging onto the side of the boat looking back up through frightened eyes. Just black water. The man had to have taken his chances with the current and slipped overboard.       So I moved forward, the Germans backing off. Nervously climbing back onto the large party boat. Grabbing the children and holding them in front of themselves for protection as they went. With gun in hand I jumped up onto the rail of the small boat and still holding the shotgun to them all, I shouted. 	“Anyone one of you cunts still holding a child for protection when I drop onto your party boat dies.” And there was no doubting in the eyes of these men that I meant it. Then showing off my missing teeth, I bellowed out.      “One of you bring the kids back on here.”       “We are here for the children.” One of the German men said softly in a thick Bavarian accent. Wasn’t that the truth. The man standing there in his nicely ironed shorts and white shirt. The man looking saintly with his nicely groomed hair and soft features. The man carrying on, saying. “I am Han’s. We are here to help not harm.”So as he was so concerned. I chose him, nominating this savior of a man as the guy to move the kids. Han’s now speaking in a basic Lao and Thai mix that I could not follow. Ushering the children with such kindness and love you would think he was a boy scout cub master or even a catholic priest.       Once they were safe and standing on the deck behind me, shivering with fear in the rivers cool night air, I dropped myself down, shotgun in hand and shepherded the men, Han’s included around to the other side of the party boat.       They stood there, these men with their soft puppy eyes and skin. All looking back at me as I lauded over them with my big boots on. The men no longer joyous. Now as frightened as the children had been only moments before. Han’s saying as he stretched his arms to me in plea.      “You have this wrong sir, we are here for god, we are here to collect these children and bring them to a safe place.” I looked at them as I smiled with no teeth to show. Then said.      “Didn’t look like it before they arrived. Looked like you gonna put this party boat to good use.”      “No,” another said in his thick Bavarian accent. The rest of the group all nodding in agreement as he heard the man’s words slip nervously from his mouth.       “You are wrong sir - we  - we, are here to save these children. We did a deal to buy the children, to get them back. It was the only way it could be done.” And for a moment as I looked at these men with their frightened eyes I almost believed them. Looking to their backpacks and bum bags I said.      “Empty the shit out of them bags and if I see anything that tells me otherwise, you’ll be swimming back to church.”      But no one moved, no one stepped forward to slam the proof of their words in my face. No one there to show that they were on the right side of their god and he was there to help. Lifting the shotgun I aimed it at Han’s.       “You first, spokes guy, drop your shit out of your bum bag.”Slowly han’s dropped his hand and finding the bags zipper he slowly opened it up. Dipping his fingers in carefully and looking down, he pulled out a small bible first, then some hand sanitizer and some gum. Then he stopped. Staring at him I said. 	“And the rest.”Han’s stood there, looking back up at me now, shaking his head. Holding his hands up in desperation as he did. 	“That is it sir – there is nothing else. I swear on our almighty god.”Hearing his words, I leant forward and grabbing Han’s bag I ripped it violently from his waist. The small plastic clip buckle snapping. Breaking with ease from the force of my arm. Then lifting it in the air with one hand I turned it upside down and shook the rest of the contents free as condoms, lube, finger puppets and zip ties fell to the wooden deck at my feet. Looking to them all in disgust. I said. 	“Here’s your option, jump overboard and hope Jesus is there to help. Or stay here and let me kill you?”	The men from the Bavarian Christian Mission Group congregation all looked to each other and then to the dark water in terror as it run past the boat laid at anchor. Their spokesman Han’s saying quickly,	      “I cannot swim sir.”       “Should have learned.” I replied just as quickly back. Not giving a shit as I swung the shotguns short snub nosed barrel, gesturing it towards the water. Then said.	“Go – now –  before I start shooting.”Then from the back one German. Taking my word as gospel, must have had all his lifesaving swimming badges up to date and believed his lord Jesus, his holiness was there to protect him. As without a word he climbed the railing and taking his chances, jumped into the dark river below. The man hitting the water and sinking under as his fellow Christians watched on. The man sinking down, only to reappear five meters upstream. Caught in the moonlight as the current swept him along in the black water. The man’s arms spinning his body around to face the boat as the current took him away, until no one could see him at all. I said.	“See, look, easy-peasy. Off you go.”But I knew it wouldn’t be easy, far from it. Having swam in the Bow river enough. Feeling each time the currents pull and push. The water sapping your strength. Until there was little left to do other than to surrender yourself to the river. And that was with a life jacket on. I said again, this time with a voice that offered no room for debate.	“Off you go! Do it now, or like I say - die here.”	“Police?” one said, his voice meek and scared. “Call the police. Let them do their work.”But there would be no police for them to bribe and corrupt with their virtuous bullshit. Not today. So I simply said,	“you can sell your bullshit to them when you get to shore. And remember to tell them all about me.”      But they still wouldn’t move. So making the decision for them, I stepped forward again. Reaching out with my free hand I grabbed the first Christian soldier I could and pulling him forward, snapped my head into his and headbutting the man at the bridge of his nose, knocked him out cold. Then holding his limp body by one hand I lashed out my left leg in a quick Jiu Jitsu leg sweep and threw the man over board into the water. 	Not bothering to look back this time to watch him surface. I stared at the rest of the men, and asked.	“Who’s next?” And before they could answer, I’d grabbed another with my free hand and with another head butt and the same leg sweep, sent him reeling over the side. 	Seeing this, a Christian, taking his chances, climbed up and jumped in. Then another and another until all that was left was Han’s. The man, now standing there in complete fear as piss ran down his leg. Stepping forward and squashing the mans personal sex lube under my foot, forcing the man up against the party boats barrier as I went. Han’s unconsciously climbed, placing his ass  on the barriers metal rods rung by rung as he pushed up with his feet until he was sitting on the wooden side barriers top. He said,	“I will give you money.”      “I don’t want money, I want info. Your friends are as good as dead so you better tell me now before you join them.”  And hearing this, this man Han’s, who’d grown up in the Bavarian mountains started to cry and as he did he told me everything. And when he was done, without another word I reached forward and pushed him gently backwards off the edge.       Turning and with the shotgun in my hand I walked back around to the other side of the boat and looked to the children. Seeing them now properly for the first time as they looked back to me with as much terror in their little faces and eyes as the missionaries had just shown. They were young, real young, with not one of them I would say over ten years old. Girls and boys also. The girls wearing lipstick. Those sick fucks, As a rage passed through me and I looked back to the water in the hope there was just one, just one, still clinging on to the side of the boat who I could kill. Myself saying out loud to the black water. 	“I should have killed you all one by one with my bare hands. You fucking sick fucking cunts!” Then I turned to the children and with a shotgun in my hand, blood on my face and no teeth. I said.	“It’s okay, I’m not going to hurt you.”      Walking past the children without a word, I stepped into the boats small bridge and looked about. The key was in the ignition and a box of shotgun shells sat on the dash just above the boats wheel. Turning the key with one hand I picked up the shotgun cartridges with another and watched as the lights came on. Then with a twist of the key the engine started. Good stuff - almost there. I stepped back out, passing the kids at the back of the boat and looked around on the deck. Finding two full fuel canisters of fuel I picked them up and threw them over onto the deck of the party boat. Untying the small boat I was on, I then as we drifted away lifted the shotgun and blasted away at the canisters shot after shot until they both exploded, sending a ball of flame up into the nights sky.       				      *************** 	      Feeling the heat of the now burning party boat on my back, I walked to the helm of the small boat and drawing back on the boats throttle I felt the propeller engage and the boat pull forward as the light of the flames lit the way. 	Then I moved along, heading downstream, feeling the current pull me as I steered the boat back towards land. The kids in the back of the boat no longer crying and now silent. The low mellow sound of the engine and the lapping of the water as the boats bow cut though the dark river. The horror of the party boat lighting up the night sky now behind us all.	In what felt like an age but was only a minute or two, I saw the landmark I’d scouted from the shore and then the beach which lay exposed by low water close to the road where I’d parked my SUV.	With a spin of the wheel I felt the boat turn and then pushing the engine to full speed I headed straight towards shore with the aim of beaching the boat on the rounded pebbles and sand of the shoreline. And then I felt it, as the boats hull grounded home, cutting into the river bed below. Objects large and small, rigged and free rolling, all digging deep into the boats wooden slatted hull that had for so long stayed strong and intact. Now split apart by hard, sharp rocks bringing the boat to a cruel and destructive stop.      	Feeling the boat come to its rest and finding its own balance as it tilted itself and leant to one side, I rushed to the boats rear deck and grabbing the kids lifted them one by one over the side. Dropping them into the shallow water. Then worried I’d leave one behind I checked the boat again to find it empty. Jumping over the side I dropped down into the rivers water, feeling the crunch of the pebbles and sand beneath my heavy boots. Wading out I reached the children now standing on the beach. The kids wet and standing hand in hand. Still in fear. Looking up at me as they waited to see where I’d be taking them next. 	I lead them off the beach, treading in the sand as we passed through the darkness. The children catching their legs and feet on the weeds and rocks and washed up branches without a word of complain.       Climbing the river bank, I headed along the road as the kids followed silently behind, until I reached the place where I’d left my vehicle. Opening all the doors along the SUV’s rear I signalled for the children to all get in and handed out the bags of food and water I’d bought earlier. Starting the SUV, I then drove back upstream for a moment, all of us looking without a word to the boat across the water in what could only be Laos’s side of the border. The party boat burning out there like a centered feature glowing in the darkness.      I took a left, the cars headlights burning through the night. The road tight and twisting as it weaved its way through paddy fields and farm land. Then I saw it in the distance. It’s tall roof emblazoned in peaks of gold. It’s fierce dragons guarding it’s entrance way. Slowing I reached the drive and with a quick whip of my hand to the left I pulled off of the hard tarmacked surfaced road and felt the gravel on the temples driveway beneath.       ***************                   The sun was almost up when I arrived back at the hotel. Parking the SUV in the same spot it had been in when I had left. The place eerily quiet. The usually busy bar now closed. Passing the receptionist taking a sneak sleep behind the desk, I made it to the elevator and hit the button to the top floor. The corridor empty and as quiet as the downstairs had been. I reached the door to the small love suite and opening it I stepped inside to find Steve still sitting there in the hot tub only this time he was not alone and the person seated next to him in the bubbling water was a ladyboy.       Steve sitting there all smug with a huge grin across his chops. The man ignoring the girl sitting there naked with him. The girls long black hair wet, her fake titties covered in bubbles. I looked to the little fella fast asleep, snuggled into a big white towel. Then heard my brother saying as he nodded towards the river,	“you lucky you weren’t out there on that boat. They were letting off fireworks and then the whole thing blew up. You should have seen it.” 	Then before I could say a word, the ladyboy stood, letting the bubbles and bathwater drip from her body. Then without as much of a nod or a care for the stranger who had just joined them. She stepped out and with her titties jiggling and her engorged drooping dick swinging she walked off the balcony, passing me in the bedroom, and disappeared into the bathroom. Steve watching me as I watched her. Then hearing him say as I turned back,	      “What’s the matter with you, you never seen a girlie dick before?”      I hadn’t no, I then remembered the girl in the cat suit with the condom hanging off her penis. I said nonetheless,	“Not lately no.”	“Well you need to get out more.”Okay, that was it, that was my problem.	“Really?” I answered as I looked towards the bathroom as I heard the unmistakable sound of the lady standing as she took a piss from up high. I said,	“Make sure the seats up.”	“See you’re already seeing the positives.” Steve said back smiling. 	“Where the fuck did she come from anyway?” I asked as I heard the toilet flush.	“The bar.”	“What bar?”	“The one downstairs in the lobby.”	“Jesus Christ?” I said more in disbelief at the thought that Steve had been downstairs at the bar having a beer, whilst I’d been risking my neck pulling vigilante shit.	“Jesus wasn’t there.” Steve then said. 	“Yeah he’s keeping away from these parts at the moment it seems.”Thinking of the Christians in their matching T-shirts, I shook my head. I lifted the little fella to my chest and in my big boots I walked over to the large king size bed. Laying down, I closed my eyes. Hearing my brother say as I did. 	“take those boots off and have a bath before you get in there.” And all I managed to say back was.	“No - I might tread on your Lego.” But it wasn’t Lego I’d be treading on the next day it would be Laos because as soon as I woke up, that is exactly where we headed.					*************       We hit the friendship bridge which links Thailand with its neighbour Laos just after midday. Myself waking earlier to find the little fella snuggled into the crux of my armpit as I lay. I’d then gotten up and walked to the balcony. Steve there still in the hot tub. But this time alone. I asked.	“Where’s your friend?”	“Work.”	“I thought she was at work when she was here?”	“No that’s you that fucks hookers not me. She works behind the bar downstairs.”	“Oh?” I said. 	“Yeah I sneaked her up here when she was done.”Then Steve never mentioned it again. The guy barely speaking the rest of the morning. Just sitting quiet as we waited in line at the customs. The guy looking at the border signs, then out of the blue, asking as I told what had to be the tenth ‘freelance immigration border agent’ holding a sign to fuck off. 	“Where we going?”	“Laos.”	“Really?”	“Yeah,” I said, “You’ll like it.”	“What the fuck for?”	“Temples – Like I say - You’ll like it - there’s loads there, you can get spiritual. Get your mind off these women.”	“What about ladyboys?”I had to think about that one. In the end, I just said.	“In Lao’s. Couldn’t tell you, but maybe.” I looked at Steve as all he said next was.	“Fuck.” Then he said. “you know I was thinking yesterday when I was relaxing, I had good fun with your girls sister after you got your teeth knocked out and all. Then I got worried and felt all paranoid and guilty about just how much fun I had had. Then I thought what good did it do dad. He would have thought like that. With all the hiding and shit he must have done.”	“So?”	“Well then I got bored waiting for you, so I went down to the bar and next thing I know it’s two am and I got this ladyboy in my bath. And I’m looking at her feeling all guilty again and like then I thought, she’s a hottie, even if she does have big feet. Then I thought, gay guys aren’t interested in pretty girls with makeup and long hair. Gay guys like real men like you. Huge butch fuckers with big boots and tight shorts and shit. Gay guys don’t even like gay guys, they like real men.”	“So what about dad then?” I asked, “What about that little fluffy fuck who come knocking on our door and ruining our Sunday lunch?” It was a good point and one that all of us where still trying to process. Especially mum. This guy who’d come crashing into our world. Banging on the door with his soft hands. Standing there next to our mothers plant pots crying in his white linen suit and stylish shoes. The man more effeminate and gay than any man I’d ever in my life seen before. 	“Maybe he had a snatch?” Steve said in complete seriousness. Then before I could speak he said it again. “Yeah. Maybe he had a vagina hidden away in those fancy pants, like these girls here hide their dicks? Maybe dad wasn’t gay and he was just a kinky fucker like me.”      That’s a stretch, and a big one.Well, if that’s how my brother wanted to deal with it all, so be it. Who was I to judge, we all needed to heal if we ever could, that is. So I said.	“Yeah well you go do what you gotta do, but just don’t get pregnant.”					***************Three hours later we were through what had to be the most complicated customs system I’d ever encountered. Still complaining as we reached the hotel in Vientiane I’d sourced whilst in the middle of the melee of confusing autocratic bullshit, I said.	“I’d rather stick needles in my eyes than go through that again.” both of us quickly realising once we hit the system that we should have hired one of the agents hustling us in the carpark instead of poo pooing them off in the way that we had. “I’ll sell the car and get a plane back I think.”	“I thought you liked this car?” Steve said as we pulled up outside the hotel. The place large and neatly tucked into a thin side road in the centre of the city. It was a good point, I did like the car, but I was on a roll - so I said.	“you bring it then, I’ll fly.”	“Or you could swim back?” Steve said with a grin.Swim, yeah, like those cunts last night, I thought. But little did I know that is exactly what we’d both end up doing. 	