Chapter Ten 	    	 	Laos’s capital Vientiane felt different. The city perhaps what a relatively busy capital in Thailand had been like, say thirty years back. With its underdeveloped streets and older cars. The hotel though, seemed nice. Not hot tub in the room nice, not that I’d gotten much use of that whilst we were there anyway. But Vientiane city, yeah, it was different. Not really old, kind of dirty Asian, with a big mix of French culture thrown in.       A back packers paradise which offered little more than bragging rights back home with its cheap accommodation. Where the kids who’d been and slept on the sweaty hostel beds could feel superior with their friends and say shit like ‘Oh well yeah, when we were in Laos.’       The place cooler in temperature and full of tourist traps along with an abundance of temples. The place its own kind of mecca to the similar crowd of westerners who’d looked down upon me in Samui. Most stentorian in their new found synthetic faith. Steve saying as he now sat at the hotel bar sipping a beer. 	“What’s the deal with all the poofters?” The place also offering it seemed a warm welcome to gay couples of both gender orientation. I said. 	“That’s a bold statement – Coming from someone who’s just spent the weekend sucking dick.”Steve, not even batting an eyelash at my words, saying straight back. 	“we’ll see how you fair when your girls pants come down.” But I wasn’t here to debate my brothers new sexual yearnings. I was here to find the one guy in town who’d brokered the deal for those pricks at the Christian Bavarian congregation Group Mission. Or whatever it was that those deceitful cunts called themselves. Not that they were an issue anymore. Their spokesman Han’s telling me that they’d been told by some shithead excuse for a human being the person they needed to talk to was some Tuk Tuk driver who rides about town flying a small green flag. The prick telling me this as snot dripped from his nose whilst he’d trembled and cried. Right before the man had leant back to far and fallen into the drink. 	So that’s who I now was seeking in this dirty little town that called its self a city. And whilst I was here, there would be no sightseeing. No relaxing at the bar. No hotel pool. No spiritual adventures to the temple. Everyone else could get on with doing their thing. But I’d be looking for just one man.	Leaving Steve at the bar with the little fella, I left the hotel and walked the tight narrow road until I reached a main one which didn’t seem a whole lot bigger. The shops, restaurants and bars looking as though they’d seen better days. The streets dirty and full of litter. Sitting along the road was a row of Tuk Tuks. The small little three wheel vehicles with their noisy engines looking like an oversized modern day rikshaw. Their owners sitting there in hope of some foreigner coming their way, to lazy to walk three blocks. 	I moved on to another road, and then another, until I found myself standing on the same side of the river I had been floating on the previous night. The dark water moving peacefully southwards towards the ocean. No sign of any burnt out boat or drowned Christians floating face down amongst the reeds in their matching T-shirts. Then, as I stared out across the water, I wondered again firstly why I was here, when only weeks ago I’d been sitting on my ass watching hockey in Alberta. What would I be doing now if my dumb brother had sat with some other girl the night he’d met this Sherri? Or discovered this new sword swallowing hobby for that matter earlier. I’d be sitting at home with my front teeth intact. Cheering on a bunch of guys who were not so lucky. I’d be still girl less. And the little fella would have been ripped to death by that fucking rabid dog. And that fuck head Mai Thai champion would still be believing he was just that. And those kids last night would have been raped by a bunch of sick fucks pretending to be working in god’s name. So right now, there was no better place to be than standing here in my big fucking boots. Even if I had lost my teeth and had to suffer three hours of frustrating bullshit autocracy trying to cross the border at the friendship bridge.	With no Tuk Tuk flying a little green flag to be seen I headed back to the hotel. Steve still sitting there in the bar. Same spot, but with no dog. Ignoring him I looked around for the little fella. Then I spotted the puppy not far away. The little whippersnapper with his light brown fur sitting on the lap of one of two women who from what I could tell could only be nothing other than a couple. The puppy loving the fuss being given to him by the one women with man’s hands along with his wife who was caressing him with her long slender fingers and sharp red nails. The two women looking to me as I smiled at them with no teeth as though a serial killer had just entered the room. I turned back to Steve, who said. 	“Little fella’s a chick magnet.”Sitting down next to him I said,	“I think you’re both barking up the wrong tree with those two.”Thinking about it, Steve shrugged, 	“Maybe?”The guy was, even I could see that. The women there as much an item as any hetero male and female I’d seen in marriage.	“Good luck with that.” 	“We here long?” Steve then asked.	“Why?” 	“Because Le just called.”Le - the beautiful lovely sister of my new girl. Who apparently liked to fight and fuck, not necessarily in that order. Now chasing Steve. Who’d have thought that would happen when I first saw her as she’d walked around the inside that ring waving to the crowd. The girl looking all innocent, as the western men who weren’t with their wives whistled back. As pretty as she was, the guy needed protecting, needed to be kept away from her or there’d be more trouble in the future. So I said,	“Go then - fuck off back - fly if you want.”	“No I’ll stay here.” Steve replied with out hesitation. “I know you don’t want me to go cos you want me to look after the dog.” 	“I never asked you to babysit.”And I never had, not once. Steve seeming to just like having the little fella around with him whilst I was out doing my thing.	I waited a while. Ate some food, and watched as the two ladies fussed about with the dog until the little fella had had enough of them and made his way back to his dad. Then as the sun set I took him out with me into the dark streets thin streets that wove their way through the small cities centre. The little puppy getting the attention he deserved from the tourists that seemingly kept the city alive. I made it up to the river and passed through a market full of cheap designer knock offs, Then I walked along the river bank and stared down at the empty restaurants that lined the rivers side. So this is what I’d seen at night when I looked from the other side. Emptiness - with a few streets that seemed to be hanging in there. Stopping, I looked around to the road which now ran on the other side of a small park. Cars passing through on both sides. One Tuk Tuk racing through. Then another. It’s back loaded to the brim with westerners. Another with what looked like the guy who owned the vehicles wife and child. Another with a little green flag. So he was here, That prick of a man Han’s, hadn’t been lying. That predator, that disciple of God, that fraudulent emissary with his soft features and tone. The man puking out the truth as he pissed and shit his pants about this green flag flying shithead tuk tuk driver in the vain hope his life could be saved via his admissions. Not that it had helped – or it was ever going to. Now though I’d seen him. This green flag flying prick, and it would only be a matter of time before our paths would cross. 								*************      With my feet aching, I hit the elevator. Putting the little fella down on the floor to walk a bit, I found the hotel room and walked inside. Stopping in my tracks as I saw Steve sitting up in bed with the two ladies from the bar sitting either side of him. He said in a manner as though this was nothing other than the norm. 	“We were wondering when you were getting back, the girls wanted to see the little fella again.”	“Is that right?” I answered in the same casual manner as I looked at the three of them sitting there with the duvet lifted high to cover the girls breasts. 	“Mary and Dan are looking to have a children and I offered to help.”	“Is that right?” I said again with a smile, then asked. “How’s that going?”	“We got off to a good start, could take a while though. You know.” Steve answered. The woman staying silent for the moment. Then the prettier of the two piping in as she said.	“Please don’t get the wrong idea. It can be only Steve, we don’t want any confusion.”	“Yeah,” Steve said, “No confusion - it’s just me - we want the babies to be true sisters and born at the same time, so you know.”	“You know what?” I asked. 	“Well you can get another room.”	“Me?” I said in shock. “What’s wrong with their room, go be the meat in their sandwich there?”	“No, They’re worried I might steal something.” Steve said back with a cheeky grin as he began to laugh. Looking to the two girls as he did. Then turning back to me he said. 	“We had a bet - I told Mary and Dan you had a retard issue going on with your brain and they didn’t believe that you’d say that. I said you couldn’t not. So thanks. I won”	“Won what?” I asked as I tried to remember exactly what insult I’d just blurted out randomly as usual. 	“Sandwich – meat in the sandwich – I guaranteed you’d say it and it took less than a minute. Steve answered, then in a manner that could only mean he wanted me gone, he carried on saying.      “No seriously, we’ve discussed this, their room is a female only space. But feel free to leave the dog so he can watch.” So I did just that. Leaving the little fella there with them, to be pruned and fussed over by the one woman Steve wasn’t fucking at that particular time. 					***************      By the time the sun had risen bringing life to the old brickwork and buildings that sat tight against the hotels small parcel of land, I was sitting alone in the breakfast room with an omelet and toast in front of me. The paintings and photos on the walls depicting the city in its old self which strangely did not vary much it seemed in how the place looked at this precise moment.  	Leaving the hotel I took a walk wondering how much progress my brother Steve was making with his new mission to engage the wombs of the two lovely ladies and repopulated the planet. Whether he’d even thought further than the end of his dick about fatherhood and any child support that he could be liable for should their mission end in success was still to be considered.       Reaching the main drag, I followed the line of monks swathed in their orange robes as they wandered the street with their brass bowls. Each one grateful for the food they would share later. Food placed within by the locals looking to keep on the good side of their god.	There were no lines of Tuk Tuks just yet. All of them knowing no doubt the sweet spot for them to arrive when the driven few had dragged themselves from their hotel beds in effort to see something not a whole lot different from what they’d seen the day before.       So I waited, standing there in my big boots, T shirt and cut of jeans as an hour passed and the morning rush hour began its start. Then the first Tuk Tuk arrived without a little green flag. The driver smiling. His mouth with less teeth than mine as he pointed to the small display of tourist trap venues he could whisk me to at an inflated price he had taped to the side of his vehicle. I asked.	“You speak English?”He did - kind of. 	“sir yes.”	“How much for all day?” The man looking to me for the moment confused. Then he said. 	“long - How?”	“Twenty four hours.” I answered. The man looking to me in shock as he rolled his eyes and evidently wondering what the fuck I was up to. 	“Why?” He asked.	“Why not?” I answered.	“Eleven million kip. And stop food.”Okay, that was fine. Eleven million kip being, about $500 US. I said as I pulled half the money from my pocket.	“I pay for food” I told him then asked, “What’s your name?”	“Kim.”	“Kip for Kim.” I said back. Then handing him the money I left him where he was and walking across the road sat myself on a wall. 	Two hours later I had not moved and neither had Kim. The man going no further than the back of his ride from where he slept in a slumber so deep no tourist wanting to see Buddha park or the temple of Wak Si Saket could ever wake him from. 	Tuk Tuks began to come and go. Parking behind with frequency as I sat there watching the road. Men in nicely ironed lose shorts and shirts with caps and sunglasses with their socks up to their knees. Hoarding bored families with wives who’d prefer to be shopping for cheap clothes and children who’d rather be anywhere but where they were now.	Then I saw him again. This man driving his Tuk Tuk with its little green flag. The three wheeled vehicle pulling out onto the street two roads ahead. The tiny bus sweeping into traffic at speed. Getting up I crossed the road as quick as the vehicles would let me and shaking Kim’s foot woke him. 	“Time to go!” The man saying as he sat up and looked to the traffic around him in surprise. 	“Okay – Okay.”   With one eye on the road I watched the Tuk Tuk with its little green flag moving through traffic some three hundred yards ahead. Kim starting his engine and instantly whipping the small vehicle out into traffic as he did. Kim twisting his head and neck as he drove, looking back. Watching me as much as he was the road. 	“You go where?”	“Straight.”Straight to hell, I’m sure for what I have done, I looked to Kim the man having fun on his big payday. His face beaming as I moved my big frame closer to him. Squashing my ass as I sat back down upon the tiny bench seat. Weaving through the traffic, the Tuk Tuk with the green flag took a quick left. Signalling to Kim to do the same as we hit the turn, we followed. Then did the same as the green flag man took a right, and then another right. Then suddenly as if Kim had worked it all out in his mind, we slowed. Of the fifty odd cars that were ahead of us, the one we were actually following had a green flag. Worried Kimturned once more to me and said. 	“flag… green?”And as soon as the man realised he was correct his face dropped and his demeanor changed. Without another word he shifted his Tuk Tuk to the side of the road. Pulling out the money I had given him and throwing it back at me, he said. 	“Go.”But I wasn’t going anywhere. The man staring at me now in disgust as though I was vermin.	“Go!” he then said again.Then I got it, how could these guys not know who was who and what was going on. I looked to the Tuk Tuk with its little green flag as it drifted further and further into the distance. 	For a moment, Kim sat there looking to me. The man weighing me up in his mind. The flag flying Tuk Tuk we’d been following, now disappearing from sight. He said,	“You want drug?”Not a chance	“No.”This guy Kim now trying to work out in his mind if I was maybe lying. Then he asked another question.	“You here buy drug?”He had it wrong.	“No - no drugs.” I answered slowly. Then he said again.	“Go.”For fuck sake. Reaching down, I pulled out my phone and wrote into it and then translated it to Lao. ‘this man Tuk Tuk green flag hurts children. Green flag man – Bad Man.’ The man looking at my phone still trying to work out my intentions. So I wrote. ‘I hurt Bad man.’ And seeing that, he was then happy. The man saying back. 	“Bad man….. You no buy drugs?”I said back, 	“No buy drugs, no.” The man then saying to me as he shook his head.	“Man green flag sell drug. You buy drug, come police come police – me die.” Pointing to myself, I said,	      “I no buy drug. I hurt bad man.”The man smiling at me showing off his teeth, letting me know how now I’m sure other people saw me.   	We carried on along the road, Kim now driving with a new vigour. The Tuk Tuk with its little green flag disappearing again, for now. Half an hour later we were back in the centre of town. Close to the river. Both of us with no front teeth sitting on a corner table outside a café watching the traffic flow by. Kim stuffing a pastry down his throat as he drank his coffee. The man pointing to himself saying, 	“army – me - yes”I looked at him, the man easily in his early fifties with his weathered skin and calloused hands. 	“When?” I answered back.	“Vewy strong.” He said with a smile, as the flakes of pastry fell from his lips.I’m sure he was strong. Since he had no front teeth I had another question which was concerning me. So picking up my phone I translated, 	“How do you eat an apple?” And reading it and smiling with no teeth to show the man simply reached into his pocket and pulling out a flick knife he hit the switch and opened it for me. So that was it. Cut and chew.I looked about, Laos ladies passing us young and old. Beautiful women, clothed in traditional dress of long wrapped exquisitely woven silk skirts all patterned in soft tones. My eyes then following a gay couple as they passed, and wondered how Steve was getting on with his latest venture and whether he’d walked the little fella. Kim the Tuk Tuk driver watching me, then saying. 	“like men you men yes.”It was a funny question, I didn’t, not in the way he was inferring. Then he said.	“Show me phone.” So I did. From what I could tell, he wanted to see the translation I had shown him again. So I showed it, the man reading the words again slowly. Then he took a sip from his coffee and looking me in the eye said.	“think drugs - not know this about children. True?”From what the soft skin German Christian man had told me about how this certain Tuk Tuk driver had taken payment for his services in arranging the party boat cruise. So the answer was in my eyes a big yes. And from what I’d seen just the night prior, business was booming. I said. 	“yes. but I stop it.”The man looking at me and my cut off shorts and my big boots.	“Police, you?”I shook my head, as Kim’s eyes stayed on me. The man now even more curious than he had been before. I wrote bad man again into my phone and hit translate. Kim looking at the screen and getting it said.	“Bad man?” 	“Who me?” I asked pointing to myself.	“No – flag green– bad man.”The man nodding to himself as he said the words over and over again, giving off the sense that he was in nothing more than disgust. 	An hour later we were off and out again roaming the tight noisy streets. The Tuk Tuk’s engine playing havoc with my ears. My ass sore from the wooden bench. Kim now the scout and I the hunter. Both of us scanning road after road, back and forth as we drove and waited. Eating, then driving again in what felt like one hour cycles. Kim asking me over and over each time we stopped about the murky business of the man we both now looked for. The man becoming more and more frustrated as the day went on.   	Then, at last, as the sun was beginning to set, I saw him for the third time as we slowly cruised through a boulevard.The man passing us at speed with his little green flag flying. Kim turning his head to me in excitement saying,       “Bad man – Bad Man - Bad man.” From what I could tell now that I could see him closer, this man who flew a green flag was somewhere in his forties. The man looking smooth with his nice new clean clothes and long hair. The two of us following as he took in the tourist circuit winding around and around it one block at a time. Kim saying “Bad Man” over and over as we went. The green flag man out looking for tourists even though it was late afternoon rush hour and the tourist sites were closing. 	We waited, following. Letting him drift into the distance and picking him up after he’d turned. Myself now singing quietly a certain super hero movie theme in the hope that Kim would say the two words of English he’d just learned at its end. Then as though we were ourselves writing the score to our own little franchised picture, the stars aligned and with the timing just perfect , I said out loud,       “na, na… na, na… na, na… na, na… na, na”  to which Kim unconsciously spat out at the end,      “Bad mannn!”Bored with it all after reaching nirvana in the sense of movie score gold, I told Kim to stop and got out. The Tuk Tuk driver smiling at me with no teeth as I stretched. I knew from following and watching his habits that the Tuk Tuk we’d been following would be coming around the block again soon enough. Both of us knowing as Kim nodded to me and pulled away that I would now wait and give the green flag man exactly what he was looking for and hail him over the next time round.   					***************         I waited on a corner. The Tuk Tuk with its green flag taking its time to show, and as it did I raised my hand and pulled it over to the side of the dusty road. 	“Where do you go?” The man asking with a lot more confidence in English than Kim. Myself saying as I sat down in the back. Feeling the soreness in my ass cheeks as I did.    	“Just drive.” I said, as the man pulled away. The man looking back at me in his mirror as he drove, asking again. 	“Where you go?” whilst he played with his phone, before tucking it back into his pocket. 	“River.” I replied, “Show me the river.” The Tuk Tuk driver nodding, taking a right and then another until we’d turned into the busy street that ran along the waters edge. Then I sat there in the back. Waiting and knowing that soon the traffic would stop us in its tracks. I looked forward along the road I was now so familiar with. The Tuk Tuk coming to a slow and then a stop. Myself knowing this would not be changing soon. So I said as the Tuk Tuk driver rode his clutch and inched his way along the road, the same words that the Christian spokesman had told me would give me access into this man’s disease ridden world.    	“I’m here to see the golden needle.” And hearing it the man turned his head and looked back at me for a moment. Taking his time, he took in my build, my teeth, my cut down shorts and big boots. Then looking all around him to the traffic and beyond, he said. 	“You from where?”	“Canada,” I replied. The man nodding then saying. 	“Canada yes, United state of America, yes?”No, but there was one person who’d love that…	“Never” I answered. Then he said. 	“Problem, now, maybe next week.”Maybe next week. That wasn’t good. He said.	“Big problem, next week come back.”Taking out a huge sum of money I held it out to him. Then said. 	“Okay for you.”The man reaching out to take the large amount of money in a practiced way that seemed to come alarmingly too easy. Then as he twisted his body and reached out his hand I caught it and had him in an arm lock before he knew what had happened. With my free hand I then pulled his phone from his pocket and holding it to him, said.	“Open your phone.” The man struggling as he panicked. Kicking out with his feet as he unconsciously pulled back on the throttle, screaming the engine. The man’s eyes staring back at me as he felt his arm about to break. Bringing up his phone I twisted his wrist in a way his fingers would open,       “give me the code or I’ll break your arm.” Then said it again,	“Tell me…..” But as soon as the words left my lips, Kim appeared. The man’s eyes now made of pure madness. The Lao Tuk Tuk driver Kim whom having spent the day with myself had quickly become my friend. Kim pulling the same knife he apparently used to eat apples, quickly flicking it open and stabbing the Tuk Tuk driver with the green flag four times in the chest in quick succession, saying with every thrust,	Bad man, bad man, bad man, bad man.”  Then with a brief knowing look to myself, Kim was gone. Disappearing into the crowd. With his hand still held tight on the throttle and the engine screaming at full revs, the life began to drain from the green flag flying man’s body. The muscles in his left leg becoming weaker as his left foot slipped off the clutch. With the handlebars twisted, pulled into the right, the screaming engine engaged sending the Tuk Tuk shunting itself straight into a the front of a Mazda heading the other direction in the opposite lane. The Tuk Tuk colliding hard with the Mazda as they both stopped in their tracks, sending the Tuk Tuk driver with his sore wrist and four stab wounds in his chest and myself out of our seats and onto the road.	Quickly, I picked myself up and looked to the driver to see that he was dead. Then I looked to the man’s phone still in my hand and with out a second thought bent down and placed his fingers of his right hand on the screen until it opened. And as soon as I saw the phone was now in my control, I was gone. 					**************      I moved off into the crowd, neither running nor walking, just moving, as I passed along the vehicles all waiting in the stationary traffic. Kim the Tuk Tuk driver now nowhere to be seen. Spotting a police man in a café as he now stood. The noise of the collision ruining the coffee he’d been sipping for free. The man looking to me walking away from an accident that was taking up everyone else’s attention.      Maybe fifty people had seen me there, even if they did not exactly know what had actually happened. There had been a large western guy in big boots and cut of shorts who’d been in the Tuk Tuk when it had crashed into the on coming vehicle. And if the policeman decided to put down his iced latte and go talk to them, he could easily put two and two together and come back with myself as the answer.       That fucking Kim guy getting handy with his knife. I looked down at the phone of the shit head who’d just been killed. It’s instructions all written in Lao. Quickly changing the settings to English I then removed the passcode security feature and popped the phone on my pocket.  What I needed to do was get myself out of dodge and do it quickly. I passed through the market and out onto the pathway that stretched itself along the river. Then looking to Thailand on the other side as I walked, I looked back to see the same police man following me. I now had a problem. I kept on moving northward along the tow path. The river to my left hand side flowing with force and purpose. The overhanging trees with their bright leaves hanging above my head. The cop in his light green uniform watching as he followed from behind at a distance.Fuck this is all I need now, With a casual air I found the best spot to run and hit the river if I needed to and sat myself down upon a bench. In front of me was a stone wall built strong enough and high enough to keep a rising river at full flow from breaking its bank. Its stonework dropping deep down to a slope now covered in reeds on the riverside that ran to the water. Reeds which soon enough would be ripped up and taken by the monsoon rains when they came. The wall on the city side just tall enough not to obscure the view. A quiet place for lovers on an evening stroll or fuckers like me to have hidden had this cop just sat back down and finished his latte. But here we were. Myself on a bench waiting. Watching some cop out of the corner of my eye. If I was lucky the man would just get bored and fuck off. I waited, sitting, as I minded my own business and watched the bloody sun in its setting light on the other side of the river. The cop still there. The man either waiting for back up or the courage to just walk down under the overhanging trees and speak to me. Maybe it was a language thing. Maybe he was listening to his radio. Maybe he was looking to go it alone and find a way to scam a bribe. From the looks of it from what I could tell, it was the latter. Then just as a crowd of teenagers passed through, the man made up his mind.       The police man walking behind them as he tried his best to blend in. The man reaching me as I sat on the bench and stopping as the kids carried on. The man standing before me with his hand resting on the government issued pistol he carried on his hip. He said,	“Accident. - you accident.” Then picking up his radio and showing it to me he carried on saying.       “Accident - You run.”      Run? I didn’t run, what the fuck was he talking about? I looked back at the guy. My face one of complete bewilderment. I then looked to the river behind where he now stood. Then along the path which was now clear in both directions. I figured that if I stood and moved in close enough I could have him in a Port Alberni in a matter of seconds which would keep his arms away from the pistol whilst I choked him out. So that’s what I’d do. 	Standing slowly, I held out my hands as though I had no idea as to what the man meant. Saying as I went,	“No English, no English.”Then the moment the man took his eye from me I was on him. Tucking my arms under his so as he could not reach his weapon, I swept his legs from under him and by the time we’d both reached the floor the man was struggling to breathe in a headlock with his gun arm incapacitated and his feet kicking. Smelling the man’s sweat and the grease from his hair I counted until at twelve he went still.  	With a quick look along the pathway in both directions, I then pulled the man to the wall and lifting him up I carefully dropped him down the high side of the wall feet first into the reeds on the other side. Jumping over, I dropped myself down feeling the mud stones left over from the monsoon rains squish beneath my boots and the and vegetation crumble as my weight hit home.       I crouched down next to the man, his face lit by the setting sun which now stretched itself bare upon the wall behind him. Reaching down I unclipped his pistol and placed it under a rock out of sight. Then I pulled his belt from his waist and the laces from his big brilliantly shined police issue boots. Lifting his knees up to his chin, I tied his feet to his hands.       A few seconds later the police man came around. The man for a moment dazed and not understanding where he was. Then as soon as he tried to stand and felt his feet and hands bound he realized he was in trouble. The first thing he did as he struggled was shout in a language I could not comprehend. Then as he watched me not give a care for his cries for help he looked around, quickly realising the large stone wall rising up behind him and the constant rush of the river would drown any screams he wished to share with the world. Giving up he then said in English as he looked up into my eyes, his voice trembling in fear.  	“not kill me… Children.” And heard myself saying back in a soft voice. 	“You speak English?” the man nodding his reply, as he heard me say,	“I love your boots.” The man’s eyes darting in panic, from one side to the other as he did his best to look back at me. 	“Don’t worry you’re fine.”The man was fine. If you call being trussed up like a turkey on the wrong side of a riverbank wall fine. But he was. I had no beef with this man, he was only doing his job after all. The policeman staring at me in complete fear as he gazed at my missing teeth, saying again.	“Not kill me… Children.”  Myself saying back calmly. 	“Stay quiet – I let you go - Understand.” Then I held up a rock big enough to chew and pushed it between his lips and said. 	“Make noise – this go here – okay?– no teeth like me!”Then displaying my missing teeth I held the rock in front of his face for him to see. Pulling his shirt away from his neck at his collar, I dropped the rock down the inside of his shirt so as he could feel it’s size and weight pressed against at his chest. Putting my finger to my lips I waited, staring into his eyes as I did.       Getting it, but still terrified, the police man stared back. His forehead sweating heavily in the sun despite the cool river air. I said.	“Tuk Tuk man in accident, he hurt children – stay quiet - I let you go - I not hurt you.” The police man sitting there breathing heavy as he looked into my eyes in dread. Then I said, “stay quiet and still until dark and you will be fine.”                  				*************      	The sun was down by the time I’d gotten Steve on the phone and the sirens covering the road accident a good mile behind me had soothed. Climbing back over the wall I sat myself down on a bench and in complete frustration as he eventually answered, I asked.	“What you doing?”	“Nothing.” He replied, but I could tell something was going on. 	“I’ve been to the temple, guy threw water on me and gave me a band on my wrist. Same as you got, so I’m Buddhist just like you now.”God help them.	      “What about the little fella.”	“No he’s still agnostic – I asked if they had one of them wrist bands for him but they don’t bless dogs there.”	“He good?” I asked ignoring the kids stupid bullshit.	“Girls love him. Want to take him back to Hamburg. I said ‘you can take my tadpoles but the dog stays here’.”Fuck me,I got on with it and quickly said. 	“Remember when we used to go down the river back home and the water was freezing.”	“Yeah.”	“Well, this time it’s not going to be cold.”	“Who’d you kill now?” Steve then asked.	“No one.”      “Well if that’s the case then I’m busy.”	“Stop fucking about and do as I say.” I said, taking charge. “Check out the hotel now but say you are leaving in the morning. Then take the little fella with you and go buy four life jackets.”	“From where exactly?”	“If you can talk yourself into bed with two fucking lesbians, you can find a shopping centre. Get the life jackets and some water and some chocolate bars and don’t forget something for the puppy.”	“Seriously - what the fuck have you done now?” Steve asked again now concerned, as I heard him move himself into the bathroom close the door and start to take a piss.	“Nothing.”	“Sounds familiar - I doubt that.” I heard him say back. Then I said, 	“I’m down by the river. Park the car in one of the side streets next to the Starbucks café. Then walk to the tow path, then take a right. Start walking under the trees and I’ll see you. But don’t hang about as it’ll get quiet soon and I don’t need that.”       But Steve being Steve, did take his time, and it did start to get quiet. The place being busy for the best part of the evening as young couples strolled along hand in hand as they looked out to the lights on the other side of the Mekong.       I was taking the chance that the green flag guy was either lying on a slab in the morgue or in a hospital bed somewhere in the city. If I was lucky no one would have worked out yet that the wounds to his chest were from a knife instead of maybe something pointy on the handlebars that had injured him during the crash. There was also a chance that someone in the street or the car behind had seen me talking to the guy and then that other crazy fuck Kim run up and stab him.       But apart from the guy who’d followed me who’d found himself trussed up like a chicken on the other side of the wall, I couldn’t see or hear any other police activity. So maybe not.       One thing was for sure. There was no chance now after messing this cop up like I had, that I could just get Steve to pick me up and we could leave the country via that irritating border post we came in on, or say Vietnam. If we did and we got nabbed there, I’d feel like a right plum for not just having just jumped into the river and fucked off right now as I intended.         I tried Steve again. It was now nearly eleven and he wasn’t answering his phone. Then just as I was about to check on the cop once more, I saw them. These guys, all in their late teens or early twenties. Walking slowly onto the seawall from afar. Passing me once, then twice. The group of five stopping further along and leaning against the river banks wall as they chatted and walked back and forth giving furtive looks towards me. The guys no strangers to trouble and out to cause some. Me sitting there in the dim light. An easy victim. A foreign guy to boot. As nice as the Laos people were there was always the odd one, or five as it turned out. They waited as I waited. The young men turning their backs to anyone who passed now with increasing infrequency as the evening wore on. The group wondering why I wasn’t moving despite their presence and obvious intentions. The guys slowly making their way towards me as midnight came and the curfew started. 	Just as they reached me, I stood. The boys keeping their distance as they surrounded me. Myself not believing the shitty luck I’d been having since I’d hailed down the man who flew a green flag. I told them in a manner they’d understand which ever language they spoke. 	“Fuck off or I’ll hurt you.”The kids closer now standing there and by the looks of their well-worn clothes and flip flops understanding my words or not, they did they did not seem to care.       Then they laughed as they saw the state of my teeth and whilst they did the kid who seemed to be in charge pulled a flick knife not to dissimilar to Kim’s. The boy standing there, holding the knifes shaft in his right hand as he pointed it towards the floor. With a quick push with his thumb on the knifes switch the six inch double sided blade shot out from the knifes top. Things were definitely about to get tricky. The guy holding the knife that to him must have felt like a sword, saying as the others looked about ironically in case the cops were near.	      “I from Vientiane,” Myself laughing quietly at the boy as I stood there watching him posture. He said it again. 	“Vientiane,” And this was supposed to mean something to me?	“Calgary.” I said, answering back, as I pointed to my chest. Then I heard him say this time as he stared at the phone I’d just stolen.	“Phooone.” With a smile that showed my missing teeth and without the slightest hint of fear. Taunting him with his own words, I said back.	“No…. phooone….” Then I said it again as I took a step towards him and tucked the stolen phone into my pocket. 	“Nooooo….. phoooone…”The other boys laughing at my mockery of their leading man as he tried to show his strength. Then the moment he took his eyes from me for the slightest of a second to show them his displeasure, I gave him something that he would never forget for the rest of his life. Spinning my body around with a kick that was not to dissimilar to the one that removed my front teeth. I felt the grit grate beneath the sole of my boot upon the pathway as I turned and put my right boot straight into the kids chest. Sending him flying across the towpath and into the brick built wall. The other kids staring in disbelief as I walked over and with a twist of the kids wrist I pulled the knife from his hand and placed it in my pocket. The kid looking up at me dazed as I turned to his friends, smiling at them with no teeth, as I said. 	“Next?”But if they didn’t understand, I’m pretty sure they got the gist. Walking back to the bench I sat myself back down and looked up at the kids as they now stood there with their leader lying on his back with no wind left in his lungs. And then as the kids dispersed leaving their fallen leader to his own devices, out of nowhere Steve arrived carrying a big pack on his back and the little fella in his arms. Looking to the rucksack on his back. I asked.	“What you got in there for fuck sake?”	“Clothes and shit. Can’t believe how cheap they are – Had to get em all sealed up.”For fuck sake, that’s why he took so long.      “I’m here fighting a gang of street kids and you’re fucking ironing.” I said as he looked to the kid laying on the floor. He asked.	“Who’s this?”	“He’s from Vientiane.”Steve stood there staring at the kid as he lay there with his mouth wide open still trying to breathe.	“What’s wrong with him?”      “He hit his head on the wall.”	“Can’t you go anywhere without causing trouble?”And he wasn’t half wrong I suppose. It would have helped if he’d have got a move on though. So I said,	“Try not taking six hours to go to the store.”Steve looked to his watch, then back to the kid on the floor as he tried to get up. Then back to me. 	“Try not causing shit everywhere you go.”	“Try not giving whores seventy grand.”	  				******************      Climbing the wall we dropped ourselves down to the water’s edge and sat in the darkness on the river bank. With the rucksack between his knees Steve began to empty its contents. Looking out across the black water to the other side of the river, he said.	“Can’t we just take a taxi?”	“Where’s the fun in that?” I asked him as I looked at some of his shirts neatly piled up and sealed in a clear plastic container, then I asked.	“You get any zip lock bags?”Reaching in, Steve pulled a small packet of them and dropped them at my feet. 	“Lucky one of us got a brain.” He said as he looked again at the river. His eyes following some debris as it quickly passed by. Then he said. 	“What if we drown?”	‘Then we get to apologize to dad,”	“For what?”	“Being cunts.”      And as my words triggered something deep within Steve’s mind. Some personal memory revivified from either the day our father died or perhaps something that he’d wished he’d said or done before this great man had left us. I watched as he sat his ass down in the wetness of the mud on the bank and stared into nowhere. 	Pulling the flick knife from my pocket, I hit the switch and watched as the blade automatically appeared faster than the eye could see. The double sided knifes sharp steel edge shining in the moon light. Then flying back in again, disappearing from sight as though it had never been there at all. Hitting the switch the blade popped back out. The snap of the knifes springs and lock mechanism breaking Steve away from whatever dark thoughts had taken a hold of him. He said,	“What the fuck you doing with that?”	“I need it for eating apples.” I answered as I retracted the blade and picked up a piece of wood. Holding it in one hand and placing the knife against it, I hit the switch. The knife instantly popping out, but losing its force and motion as soon as the blade touched the wood. 	“Must be to stop you chopping your balls off.” I said as I looked to the police man sitting with his back against the wall staring back at us both. Then I looked to Steve still in his own little world and wondered if he’d was ever going to notice him at all. Not that it would matter if he did. Nonetheless the boy was hurting bad inside. Walking over to my brother and sitting myself down next to him. I put my arm around the young man and pulled him into me. Then I said knowing I’d need to be careful with my words. 	“he’s gone Steve. Dad’s gone. There’s nothing we can do, you just have to accept that he’s sucking cock in heaven now.”Fuck! Why did I keep coming out with this shit? I thought, as I saw Steve look at me out of the corner of his eye. Then we sat there for what seemed like a while as the water passed by. The lights from Thailand streaming back across the rivers rippling surface. The little fella between my feet. The cop sitting there in the shadows, terrified that I was going to kill him. Then Steve said as he stood and looked at the water. 	“Two things bothering me - Dad, yeah. The other is that you keep hurting people. And you know, one other thing – for someone who’s pissed about me being supposedly late - I don’t see much urgency?”      And he wasn’t wrong. As for some reason I just wasn’t worried and at peace. Obviously the fact that we were in one of the poorest countries in the world helped. One that did not have, I’m sure the most well-funded and trained police force with CCTV cameras coming out the ying yang. I said, as I sat there flicking the blade of my new knife as I played with its switch, 	“Yeah, I like it here I’ve met some good people - made some good friends.” Then he turned, and saw for the first time the trussed up police officer sitting in the darkness against the wall. In panic he turned back to me. His face as serious as it had ever been, and said,	“You got a cop tied up? You are completely fucked in the head.” 	“He was already there when I got here.” I said with a smile. 	“Of course he was.” Steve said straight back knowing I never confessed to anything.He pulled his phone and both our passports from his pocket and now in a hurry placed them in a zip lock bag along with his credit cards and sealed it all. Then he put that bag into another and did the same thing over another two times. Watching him I said, 	“You got the keys to the car?”He did. Taking them from him, I then pulled out all of the cash I had and popped it into a separate bag along with the keys to the SUV.	Reaching down I grabbed a life jacket and put it on, pulling the puffed out nylon fabric full of foam onto my body and fastened it at my waist and under my crutch. Leaving the top loose enough for the puppy to fit. Picking him up I tied a thin rope around his body and tied it to my life jacket.       Putting him inside I stroked the little fella’s head as he sat there tucked under my chin.	“What about him?” Asked Steve as he nodded towards the police man and tied his life jacket tight to his own body in a well-practiced manner.	Slipping in my big boots as I went, I walked back up the bank towards the cop and pulled the man’s gun from under the stone where I’d left it. Then I walked over and stood in front of him. The man sitting there petrified. Tears ran in his eyes and his legs were now shaking uncontrollably. I knelt down in front of him to speak and putting my hand upon my heart I said softly.	“I know this looks bad with that guy in the tuk tuk getting stabbed – and the ones last night who drowned in the river here, but I’d never do anything bad to anyone in front of the puppy.” As the police man stared back at me, dropping his frightened gaze down to my chest he looked to the little fella for a moment as the puppy stared back at him. Dropping the bag full of money along with the car keys at his feet, I pulled out my new knife, flicked it open and heard the man cry inwardly as I reached towards him, cutting the man’s laces away from his hands and undid his belt. Then I said as I pointed away from the river towards the road.	“Go get yourself an S.U.V – it’s all yours - for you – understand?” The man nodding as the words hit home. “It’s parked up there somewhere close to that café you were in.” Then emptying the man’s gun of bullets and throwing them into the reeds I handed him back his gun and said. 	“that Tuk Tuk man hurts children. Look into his life – same with the German fucks you’ll have found floating down stream. Go put the puzzle together and come back a hero.” Then I left the man to sit there in shock. I walked back down to the river and quickly tied the two other life jackets together and with a knot that could never loosen biting into the top of my left arm and Steve’s right arm we then tied ourselves together leaving about three foot slack in between.       Placing a still full rucksack on Steve’s back, we both stepped into the water. The river colder now than I had remembered it being before when it had lapped at my feet on the paddle board. The current instantly dragging at my legs in an effort to pull me into its drift. Then I looked up and saw the police man was now gone. Then to Steve as he stood looking to where the man had been sitting and then to me.	Saying nothing, we carried on walking into the river. Feeling the uneven rocks beneath my big boots. The water now smashing into my ass. As it reached our chests we both on cue lifted our feet and dropped in, surrendering ourselves to the mighty Mekong. 