Chapter Eleven                   The current swept us away. My feet hanging below me as it twisted our bodies. Spinning the pair of us around in circles as it quickly took us out of our depth. The chance of any issues with the police now, long gone. I knew that. Even if the poor man had gone running to the road and screamed into his radio for help. It made no difference. The river was moving too fast. They’d need a speedy rubber boat that could beat the current to catch us, and they’d need to locate us, which out here in the water, was near on impossible.       I thought back to the Christians and wondered how they would have fared. All of them taking themselves through a second baptism of sorts. Throwing themselves at the mercy of the river for their sins. I’m sure the answer would have to be not well. Not with the way I could feel the current trying to pull me to the river bed below. But what about the husband? Where the fuck had that prick gotten to? Would he have been stupid enough to have thrown himself into the river obviously knowing it’s real strength as well as we both did now? Steve looking to me, feeling the current too, as the rope between us tugged. Saying,	“Fuck, feel that under tow?” I did that was certain. Then he said.	“How’s the little fella.”I looked down, the little fella there clinging to me with his little legs and paws. His wet body shaking as he stretched his neck out towards my face. 	“Bet he’s wishing he’s stayed at that temple eh?”Maybe? I looked at the little puppies eyes bulging out of his head as they stared into mine. So I said. 	“It’ll make him tough. Same as us when we were pups.”And I wasn’t wrong there. How old had we been when we’d first had our asses frozen riding the Bow river. Feeling the currents there whip us around and around, pulling us in its rip. 	Turning my body so as I was facing the bank I silently signalled Steve to do the same as I kicked with my feet pushing us out further into the rivers centre as we went. Then I saw it in the distance. The party boat sitting at anchor in the moonlight. A ghost ship. Now with only its steel hull intact. The structure above, broken up and wrecked by a scorching blaze which had left it charred and hanging in pieces. Good riddance.       We passed it by. Steve staring in awe as though he’d just seen the Mary Celeste itself. My brother asking as water splashed at us both.      “You do that?”      “No.” I answered, and I hadn’t. The Christians had and that green flag cunt and his mates who should have been using the boat as it was intended and not as some sort of child rape factory. Play with fire, get burnt as they say.      “Same as you didn’t tie that cop up. Tell me - you never did this, then why your boots soaked when you got back to the hotel room then?” Steve carried on asking.      It was a good question and one I really didn’t have an answer too. So I just said.      “Just put out some trash that’s all.”        We kept kicking, pushing ourselves across the river as the current pulled us along. Kicking - then taking a breather as we both clutched the spare life jackets which floated along next to us. The beach where I’d smashed the other small boat into the shallow rocks in the distance as we passed by. The boat now long gone.       Then as we passed under the lights and authoritarian guard of the friendship bridge, the lights from the city grew less and it became dark again. Real dark. Until all I could see was the moon in the water and it’s glint in Steve’s eyes as I felt the little fella’s body shaking upon my chest letting me know he was still okay.       In what seemed like hours, but was probably a lot less, we kicked and pulled ourselves across this trench cut into the earth by the Mekong’s mighty force towards the opposite shoreline until we found ourselves back on the Thai side and looking for a place to beach.       Where we were I did not know.             Issan maybe, That place I’d had so many tell me the ‘girls’ came from. Farm girls, and boys who become ‘girls’. Sick of farming for rice and their shitty lives, enticed by friends like sirens with their tales of parties and cash like they’d never seen.         But then as the river quickened as its sides narrowed and we approached and passed a small island made of sand we started to kick hard, pulling at the water as we went until we saw a beach lit by the moon on the rivers side and then felt the rivers bed as our feet dug themselves into its sand.       Pulling ourselves out and still attached by the rope, we lay together on the sand in the moonlight and listened to the water as it rushed by. Steve saying after a moment.      “Where the fuck are we, we back in Thailand?”      “Yeah, Issan - I think.” I replied, not really knowing. “you’ll like it here, full of guys just like you who married bar girls. It’s probably where you’d have ended up. Had she not fucked off and left you for that loser.” But we were nowhere near Issan at all. As we had only gotten as far as Nong Loeng.       I sat up and pulled the little fella from the inside of my lifejacket and untied him. The puppy excited to have its paws now firmly planted into the sand. The little fella, running in circles in front of me before moving over to check on Steve. Steve laying there resting his head on the beach, looking up at the stars as the mosquitos attracted by our breath slowly honed in. He said,       “All that and we never found that prick of a husband.”But I had found him. He’d got away, yes I knew that. However if he did manage to survive the river. I now had his phone number. 	      ****************            We waited on the beach for the sun to rise. The three of us lying on the sand resting. Drinking the small amount of water and food that Steve had been bothered to bring. And then the sun rose. It’s majestic rays spreading heat with a warmth that filled the earth all around us. The sky to the east full of wonderment, the clouds painted deep orange by its rays. Looking to it Steve said.       “I’ve been thinking about that cop.”      “What about him?”      “Well what if he went crying to his friends then they’ll be looking for us down river.”      “Different country.”      “So?”      “with the money they make, you think he’s going to give up all that cash and a car?”Steve thought about that one, then said.	“How much you give him?”	“Everything. Felt guilty, guy was just doing his job.”      Then I looked to Steve, as his thoughts whirled around in his head. The next question forming in his mind would be if the man was such a good sport then why the hell I’d had to tie the guy up in the first place, but instead he surprised me by asking. 	“How much is everything?”	“Couple grand probably.”	“Wow, good for him. He can get some new underpants way he was looking at you. So how much we got now?” 	“How much you got?” I asked back.	“Nothing.” Steve answered as he took one of the life jackets in his hand and let it go. “I spent it on all this shit.” I said. “And shirts.” “Shirts were cheap as chips, so they don’t count.” But it did count, if we had no money now, it did count. But what was the point of getting into that now? So I said. 	“You stupid cunt.”The man looking to me as he stood in disbelief, saying as he looked down at me.	“Go back and talk to that cop, he’ll be opening a clothing store. With what you give.” 	“Well nothings what we got then.” I said as I stood. So we had zero, bar the credit cards and the clothes on my back and the clothes in Steve’s ruck sack on his back. Remembering the flick knife the kid had gifted me the night before I dug my hands into the pockets of my cut off jeans. The knife now gone. Taken somehow by the river. Shit, easy come easy go. I said, to Steve as he stared at me. 	“Knifes gone.”	“Good. Save you killing anyone with it.” Here we go again with that you’re a killer shit.I wondered whether I’d have used it on those perverted fucks on the boat had I have had it then. Probably.	      “Could have kept some cash back so we could get some food and shit.” Steve said, not letting it go as we found our way from the rivers beach and headed south along a gravel road that followed the river. 	“From where?” I asked as I looked to the unused road built from grit and debris which lay in front of us and showed not one inkling of human existence. 	An hour passed before we saw any sign of life. One truck rallying forward. Spraying a cloud of dust in its wake. The vehicle slowing as it neared on the tight gravel road and then failing to stop accelerated again and raced hard towards us. Forcing us to the side. Spraying gravel and fumes into the air as it passed. The three of us expecting exactly the same as another approached, surprising us all when it stopped. The three of us jumping into the back and sitting there as we bounced our way along. Feeling the steel bed of the pickup in our asses and lower backs as we crashed from one pot hole to another. Steve looking at me with every hit as I tried my best to stop the dog from flying over the side.					      **************** 	An hour later we arrived in Buengkan. The three of us sitting in the small riverside towns one café. Myself now with over a hundred thousand baht sitting in my pocket courtesy of the four credit cards I’d just murdered the ATM machine with at the local 7-11. Steve sitting there uncomfortable as he looked out at the road and the river beyond. The man saying,	“We could have just floated down here and saved my ass getting pounded.”  Don’t go there…. But, of course then said,       “I thought that was your thing?” Steve tired and irritable from the river and no sleep, saying straight back almost to himself. 	“Yeah keep it up with the stupid comments as usual.” Then ignoring me, Steve looked to the pretty girls in their uniforms smiling as they discretely watched us and the puppy from behind the counter. The three of us sitting there, dried off now but stinking of the river. We finished our food and drink and finding what had to be the only cab in town, I said to the driver.      “Train station – you go train station?” And that’s where we headed. 					**************** It was a long wait as we sat on the platform. Steve and I both hogging the one wall fan that swung it’s head from side to side. The platform long and dirty with concrete benches where Thai men and women stretched out and slept unembarrassed without a care. Steve saying to me as he watched the comings and goings of the local Thai’s.	“Thought you said this place was full of white guys? We the only ones I seen.”It would have been, had we exited the river in Issan, but we had not, I’d discovered.	“We’re not in that spot, but you’re better off here. There’s no competition with the ladies.”	“Oh?” Said Steve as he looked along the train station. “Well, wake me up when they get here.”      Two hours later we were still there. The ticket girl saying in her best English that we’d have to wait the same two hours for the train and it already felt like three. Steve saying as he sat there folding the clothes he’d had on earlier having just washed himself and the clothes out in the stations shitter. Myself being me, still in my shorts and T shirt. The little fella it seemed, just happy to be alive. Looking at him, Steve said. 	“I don’t get it, I’m here bored as fuck and that dog doesn’t give a shit where we are. Doesn’t even know we’re waiting for a train.”  	“How would he, he’s a puppy. You think you knew you were going on a train when you were four months?” I replied.	“Just saying.”	“Logic.” I said, “Same thing you use when you’re playing with all these girls.” Or whatever he was into these days. The way he’d always found it so easy to mix it up with the ladies. Which was for me, until now, something of an enigma that I could not always understand. Especially with the two in Vientiane. I asked.	“How you end up with those last two women anyway?”Steve smiling at me as he heard the question. 	“Dog - they’d been to the temple and some monk must have told them they would meet a guy with a puppy and he would father their children.”I doubted that very much. 	“you got a monk as your wing man now ?” I asked.	“Well, that and a bit of trickery on my part too, of course. I told them that Buddha had spoken and they were the chosen ones. Told them I see them at the temple when I was there with the dog.”	“So you did go then?” 	“No - Apart from the shopping mall, me and the little fella didn’t get further than the bar. Except when he wanted a shit that is.”       I thought about that one. Steve there in the bar with the puppy lapping up the attention. Me out there on my own personal crusade, looking for some flag flying fuckhead. Then I heard Steve say. 	“Been a funny few days, one minute I’m fucking a guy who looks like a girl…. next minute, I’m fucking a girl who looks like a guy…..then later I’m fucking a girl who looks like a girl, but she doesn’t like dick - I tell you, it’s getting confusing.”      I stared at him for a bit, taking all that in. Then said.	“You saying, the pretty one, wasn’t into it?” Steve shaking his head, saying back. 	“No she hated it. The one that looked like a guy – well let me tell you now that was a surprise. She was a whole different story. Couldn’t get enough. She’d get hold of me and put it in her wife, say shit to her missus like…. ‘stek it in zie muski if ya vant de kinder’.”Fuck me. Then I thought about it some more for a bit. In this new world we now lived in - I had to ask. 	      “So what would you call that then? You got a lesbian woman who identifies as a man, who likes to have sex on the side with men. What pronoun we got there then, Bi?”	“No queer I think,”	“now I’m confused.”	“Welcome to my world.” Steve then said straight back as he rolled his eyes. “But keep this all to yourself right as they told me it a secret. Didn’t want it getting out there in their community that they been fucking a guy, specially the one wearing the trousers. Even if she did like it. Said, if they got pregnant they’d say it was artificial insemination or something like that when the little Stevie’s arrive. That or they’d get religious, pull a Mary, call it immaculate conception. But I think they given up on that Christian shit as they seem to be listening to the monks these days. Which is how - like I say - I become involved in the first place.”	“Luckily for you.”	“Yeah, lucky or unlucky depends how much you like eating fish.” Steve said back with a grin on his face. “Taught me a few things they did, said you’d be the master at it after they see you had no teeth.”  									****************      Eventually the elusive train arrived. It’s heavy tired and dirty locomotive engine at the front creeping its way into the station. The wheels grating as steel met steel.       The pair of us and the little fella sitting there in the trains heavily airconditioned carriage as it dropped slowly south. The carriage filled with locals and one sweaty and frustrated western man who had little more to do than annoy everyone with his phone. The guy blasting out one bullshit video after the other for all and sundry to hear. But who was I to complain and intervene? This not being my country and all. So I sat there in silence, breathing deeply and rhythmically tuning the guy out in the same way I’d observed May doing whilst she’d meditated at the temple. Then once I’d done that I called out to him saying,       “Turn that shit off you stupid mindless cunt.”  But I wish I hadn’t said a word as the man then came over apologizing and began another equally annoying ritual, harping on about his wife’s buffalo in the hope that I’d give a care as we passed through level crossing after level crossing and station after station. Mixed with the odd stop next to a paddy field that seemed as though we would never ever get moving again. Evening came, which turned to night, to which morning arrived at the same time we pulled into Bangkok. 	The three of us hitting the taxi rank and finding the taxi lucky enough to take our ugly stinky asses back to Pattaya. Steve saying as he sat in the back looking past the front seats to the highway. 	“What we going there for that’s so special?”	“Your girl’s missing you.” I replied. “She hasn’t had a fight in a while and needs someone to go party with.” 	“Should hang with you then. Would’ve enjoyed it in Laos I think way you been carrying on.”Looking back to my brother, I said.	“I never did a thing.”	“Yeah, you never do.” Steve carried on replying, then he asked. “So tell me this Le, she really ask after me?” And she had, according to her sister that is. May catching me late the previous evening as the buffalo guy had shut up and I was just managing to get some sleep around midnight. The girl telling me that the restaurant had just closed and she was on her way home. The beautiful girl once again purring down the phone whilst I looked out through the trains window as it carved its way through moonlit fields. The lovely girl, telling me how she missed me and asking if I’d had a nice trip. Myself telling her back about the wonderful relaxing river boat rides and how I’d made friends with a Policeman and a Tuk Tuk driver who’d showed me the city. 	“And how’s Steve?” May had then asked.       “Oh he’s been exploring the temples and chatting with some German women who fell in love with the little fella in the hotel lobby.” May telling me back how she’d been having a good time with Le whilst pretending to be a ladyboy as she flirted with the Japanese tourists at the cabaret after photo session. 				******************It was around ten thirty in the morning when we found a room and checked into the Rock hotel by the beach. The place showing off it’s huge swimming pool, with its own sandy beach across the road from the real beach. Along with the endless supply of rock and roll memorabilia. Steve saying as he stared at a silver jacket the king of rock must have worn in the 70’s. 	“Can you imagine how many women Elvis screwed?” We took the elevator up to our room. Steve standing there in the elevator looking at a Motley crew poster. The guys staring back into the lens of the camera. One with a monster in his pants. All of them giving a look that guaranteed they’d give some guy who used to wear a silver suit a run for his money. Steve carrying on, saying,        “I think I’m going to get a suit like that guy had.”	“Whose?” I asked. “one of those guys or Elvis.” Then I carried on, as the elevator stopped at our floor.       “Helps as well if you can sing. And have a bit of charisma, if you gonna wear shit like that I think.”       “Got that, haven’t you noticed?” Steve said as he walked ahead of myself and the little fella. The two of us looking at the numbers on the walls until we found our room. Opening the door, we both stepped in, sat down and said nothing. Steve taking a shower and then sitting on the balcony looking down at the pool below. Myself still working my way through the numbers in the green flag flying Tuk Tuk drivers phone.       Half an hour later there was a knock at the door and it was the police.                				*************            They sat me in an interview room, not too unlike the one they’d had me in before. I had done nothing wrong so I had to wonder what all the fuss was about. I then heard the familiar roar of a certain car that I’d once owned pull into the car park outside and ten minutes later Soone Jungumang was sitting opposite me across the table looking fly in his nicely starched clothes. The first thing he said as he sat there staring at me for a moment, was.       “You stink.”      “Tell your guys to give me a chance to shower next time they hear I checked into a hotel.”      “What happened to your teeth?”      “How’s the car?” I answered as I completely ignored his question, and the mention of the car was all it took to set the man off.      “I love it!” he said answering me back with unbelievable enthusiasm.       “You know that things got a 2JZ Engine under that hood? Straight six turbo charged!”Whatever the fuck that was I did not know, I said.	“Yeah, of course.”	“Fucking shifts man.” 	“Good, you bring me here to talk cars, is that what it is?” It wasn’t. The man then getting straight down to business saying.      “There’s an issue, you went to Laos and came back into Thailand without registering at a border point?”	“Well I would have done that but you got me here.”	“There was a bunch of missionaries found drowned in the Mekong river the other day, and a burned out boat in Vientiane.”	“And?”	“You were there?” Soone said back.	“What’s that got to do with me?”	“That’s the question. You know anything about this?”I didn’t.	      “Same night the boat was on fire, a bunch of kids turned up at a Bhikkhunistemple in Chiang Rai. The monks there are all women, as I’m sure you already know. They refused to say who brought the children to them but the kids said it was a friendly monster.”A monster – but a friendly one - That was interesting. 	“Really?” I answered without giving it another thought.       “One of them said the monster had no teeth.”	“Well you know what kids are like, big imaginations, anyway Vientiane’s in Laos so what the fucks this got to do with you?”	“You went to Vientiane the next day.”	“Did I?” 	“Yes, and the day after you arrived a business man was stabbed and killed in the city.”	“it’s a big city? I’m sure that happens a lot.” I answered shaking my head as I wondered what the fuck this all had to do with me. So with that in mind, I said.	      “Some people deserve to die.”Fuck me you big mouth idiot. Then I saw a grin spread itself across the detectives face as he heard my words.      “Is that right?” He asked.      “Yeah, I think you need to be careful in Vientiane. Lot of gangs and shit.”       	“Is that right?” He said again.	“So I’m told, didn’t see anything bad myself.”Soone sat quiet for a moment staring at me. Then he said.	“Strangely this guy who was stabbed, we found his phone in your room.”Fuck,. 	“Yeah.” I said quickly back, “you can get some good deals at the night market over there. You should try. Maybe you can snag another car?”	“Is that right?” Soone answered again, using the same phrase but this time in a different tone. Before carrying on with.	“There was also a cop who was kidnapped and tied up.”That fucking guy, that’s what you get for being nice and giving a guy a lovely SUV instead of killing him. 	      “But he’s saying the guy who did that was Chinese.”      Atta boy, my man! 	      “So that one doesn’t add up.” Soone then said as he sat there thinking. The man carrying on once he was done, saying. “But he could be lying?”	      “What the fuck you so interested in Laos for anyway?” I asked.It was a good question and I could see the answer written all over the man’s face. Fuck all. The detective now thinking things through. He said. 	“Yeah well we’re like cousins you see, us and those guys over in Laos. We share stuff if you know what I mean. But as you say, a bunch of Laos bound Christian envoys who can’t swim? Not my problem.” Then with a grin Soone Jungumang, this cop who had a thing for souped up street cars said. “What I have got for you though since we like to share is the address’s for all the Thai numbers on that phone you picked up at that market.”					***************Fuck me, I walked out the station with Steve who’d been waiting in the police stations front lobby with the puppy, and once we were both clear of the door. I then said,	“What you doing here, thought you’d be by the pool?”Steve, just grimacing for the moment, not saying a word back. I picked up the little fella as Steve said,	“Thought you were a gonna this time - thought we’d be going to visit you at the Hilton.” The Bangkok Hilton, That infamous prison full of English drug dealers and the Ladyboys who’ve thrown people like me out of window. I said,	“Why? I’ve done nothing wrong.”And I hadn’t, well not in this country that is, and I had no intention any time soon of popping over to Laos on a visa run or to buy a counterfeit watch. 	We hit the hotel for a second time. Steve stopping again to look at the king of rock’s big collared silver suit from the 70’s. Then again to the picture of Motley Crew in the same elevator heading up. Steve saying as he did. 	“You know these guys used to line up women and fuck them one after the other in their hotel suites after a gig?” I said,	“That was the 80’s, can’t pull disrespectful shit like that these days Steve.” I said back in my best big brother patronizing tone. 	“tell that to those two frauline’s in Vietnam.” Steve said back quickly as big smirk spread across his face. 	“We weren’t in Vietnam Steve.” I said back to him as I shook my head and wondered if the kid had any clue about anything. Steve saying back as his little brain soaked up that little nugget of confusion.” 	“We weren’t?” “No.” I answered. “Where were we then.” Steve asked as the doors opened. 	“We were on the information highway, because I now know where your girls husband is.” Steve turning to me as soon as he heard the words come out of my mouth. The man looking worried now as soon as I’d spoken. He said.	“Well, have a shower before you go causing any more trouble would you, the dogs been complaining. And this time, take those boots of when you do. I think the only reason those cops let you go was cause you stink.”      I did that, took a shower, and I washed my shorts and socks and T shirt. Then I put them on a chair on the balcony in the sun to dry and after walked about the room in a towel for a bit. Steve watching me as he sat on the bed, playing with his phone. He then said,	“Can’t you ever sit down and relax?”But he knew I couldn’t. Not ever really. It was the way I was. The simple way I was made, in my DNA so to speak. And the reason I’d done so well with the little company I’d put together that gave us the cash to stay in a suite at the Rock Hotel. I said, 	“Guys in Nakhom Si Thamarat.”	“Who?” Steve answered, but I was certain he already knew the answer. 	“Husband.”Taking a deep breath and putting his phone down Steve said. 	“Listen, give it up will you. I’ll pay you back the cash okay. I’ll go home now, I’ll get a bullshit job on a rig in the middle of winter to do so. I just don’t want you or me doing any more midnight escapes across fucking rivers and tying up cops and shit anymore.” Ignoring him I said. 	“yeah we should go down there, see where he lives - I liked it when we were in that neighbourhood last time. All them coconut groves. Lots of them monkeys remember?”					**************      Come evening I’d met May at the far end of walking street. Her sitting across the table from me as we ate a meal at a place on the water. Myself purposely not drinking so as not to destroy the moment. May with a glass of wine. The little fella sitting on my lap. May looking more beautiful than ever. Attracting attention as usual from the western women who no doubt wondered what she was doing with an ugly fuck like myself. May telling me again as she watched me rub my tongue across where my teeth used to be.	“I found a dentist for you.”  	“Thanks.”	“They said, they’d fit you with some false ones until you can get some permanent implants. Good ones as well, Swiss, like I told you before.” But I’d never been one to hide behind any kind of facia.	“I’m good.” I said, “for now that is. I’ll wait for the implants.”May staring at me as she took in the words I’d just said. 	“Really?”	“Yeah.”It was the way I was, I didn’t care. Unless I wanted to eat an apple that is. So I needed to find another knife for that. How many people had I seen throughout my life that had lost their front nashers, especially growing up where I had. Some choosing to hide their smiles and laughter with their hand as they spoke. Others doing the opposite and not giving a shit. I was it seemed of the latter.	“Okay.” May said as she shrugged it off. 	“How’s Le?” I asked, changing the subject.	“Good - lost her job though at the show. So that’s it for now, for the little bit of extra cash I’d get for pretending to be a boy.”	“She did?” I said, surprised.	“Yes, some Korean guy got a little too fresh. Touched her titties.”	“And?” I asked as I smiled showing May my missing teeth. 	“And? Well you can work that out I’m sure. She took him out pretty quick. But she’s so hot, they’ll forget about that at some point and ask her back. Some people forget these girls are young men. They see a beautiful girl, all slim and sexy and say bad words and the next thing they know they’re wearing a six inch heal in the side of their head. They can get quite nasty you know. I mean the other day I heard a guy got thrown out of a window in Boy’s Town.”	“Really?” I said, as I remembered how much it hurt when I’d hit those motorbikes lined up on the side of the road. “That’s not good - was he okay?” I asked already knowing the answer to the question. 	“Hospital…. Probably minimum.” May answered, I asked.	“You ever been to Nakhom Si Thamarat?” 	“Yes, it’s nice. But it’s not like here.”       “No where’s like here.” I answered.And I wasn’t wrong. This city, Pattaya, I was for the moment frequenting, being almost a living breathing cesspool. All for the sake of spending time with this beautiful girl. May then asking.	“When you go, do you mind if I come say hello?”  	“I’d love it.” I said, already wondering what would happen if things went the same way they had the previous few days. Then May surprised me by saying.“I’ve got a problem, somethings worrying me Sandy”“You need me to buy you a buffalo?” I asked straight back after listening to that sad guy on the train drone on.May sat there looking to me for a moment and then slowly it built until she was laughing so hard she had to keep one hand covering her face and the other on her chest. Then as she stopped and composed herself the girl asked me in a serious tone.      “ No, it’s okay. I don’t want you to buy me a buffalo. Why would you ask this?”      “There was this guy on the train we were just on,” I answered. “The guy drove me mad. The man lived up north somewhere, said his wife kept telling him her father’s buffalo was sick or had died and they needed a new one. Except every time he went to see them, to him the buffalo looked identical. So he went out and bought himself one of those permanent marker pens and put his initials on it. Next time he bought them a new one. He told them it must have been reincarnated as it had his same initials on the new buffalos ass. They said that was an old buffalo they’d had for ages and that the new one he’d bought was busy working in the rice fields. But they’d never mentioned before that they had a second one. Every time before they just said they only got one, and it was dying and if it did - they’d all starve…. poor guy. Got himself in a bit of a jam I think. So now maybe the family’s gonna have to find some other mug to buy them buffalos as he’s left home. Come here I think or Phuket.”	“Oh, the poor guy,” was all she said after she had sat there listening to the man’s tale of woe. Then she carried on saying, 	“But don’t you worry, we don’t keep buffalo’s, so you’re off the hook. For now. No, what I was wanting to tell you was this. I took your advice about living my life and not my sisters.”	“Good.” I replied, surprised for once that someone had actually listened to anything I had to say. Not that I could remember giving the advice in the first place though. May then said with a grin.       “I was going to surprise you both in Lao, but I got offered a modelling job in Bangkok, so I took it.”      “Good for you.” I said, as I wondered what I’d have done over there, or Steve for that matter, had she suddenly showed up in Vientiane with her sister. Then May said.	“I feel guilty.”	“Why?.”	“The job – it was for lingerie I hope you don’t mind?”I didn’t – not in the slightest. 	      “Don’t be.” I said, as I pictured the woman in her delicate’s in my mind, and having a thing for lingerie after spending a large part of my life gawping at models in it, felt the rush of blood hit my loins. 	“I’ve never taken those jobs before because I’ve heard men use the pictures - if you know what I mean - and I didn’t like the thought of that. You know, staring at me naked, even if it was a photo.” May said as she took a deep breath. The young lady maybe having been worried about my opinion.	“They do that?” I asked feigning shock.	“Oh yeah – creepy guys do. Anyway, it was for a new company – Vie Amour.”	“French?” I asked, 	“No Chinese, pretending to be French – I’m told they’re handing out flyers in the malls.”	“Oh?” I answered, as I wondered how many times as a youth I’d knocked one out to some fit lingerie catalogue model. But that was not Victoria’s secret that was my own very personal secret and May was never to know this. I said,         “Yeah I masturbate to flyers all the time.”Fuck!  What was wrong with me?      May said seemingly without any judgement at all, “yes you mentioned that.”       What the fuck!Before continuing with, “I’ve got some stills, maybe, they sent them to me on the weekend. I’ll send them to you.” And then she opened her phone and showed the photo session stills, and oh my god did she look sexy. The girl all slender and toned. Looking as though she’d just stepped out of a lingerie showroom in her lacy bra, panties and heels. The girl looking back at me through the lens, her eyes soft but with attitude. I looked closer at her panties that left little to the imagination. May asking nervously as I stared at the photos on her phone,	“Your my man, so do what you do with these - it’s okay - what do you think?”And unable to stop myself, I said. 	“Fuck me.” May smiling and saying straight back. 	“I thought you’d think that, but I wish I was as pretty as my sister.” Then before I could say another word May surprised me by saying quite matter-of-factly.      “I was thinking of you a lot while I was in Bangkok. Maybe it’s time to move things along.”Okay? I then looking into the beautiful woman’s deep brown eyes and getting the gist of what she meant felt the sudden uncontrollable movement of blood heading south as I heard May then say.      “So since there’s no drama going on for once, I was thinking when we’ve finished here this evening we could go dancing and when we’ve had enough of that I’d like to ask if I can come to your room.” The young lady wearing the cutest of grins as she looked straight into my eyes and nervously played with her hair. 	“Sure.” I said, looking back at her and not actually too sure which of the two activities worried me more. The dancing yeah, I could maybe hope the dance floor was packed and just hold the girl close to me to get myself through that part. The bit where she comes back to my room and we do the business. Well that would be a different story. Yes, we’d spent a lot of time in the room together in Samui, but that was on top of the sheets, with her just cuddling me plus the odd kiss. Then that had changed when my teeth were removed by that shit head. The teeth thing though, yeah, that could be an advantage now if things got carried away. Just like those girls had told Steve - that would be my ace - If it came to that - then I would be king.But she didn’t need to know that. I’d keep that little weapon to myself and holstered for now. So I said.       “I got some tips from a couple of rug munchers on how to eat muff, so you’re in luck, seeing I lost my teeth.”					***************	We went to the Marine club, heading up into its heart via a long escalator we’d stepped onto at the entrance on Walking Street. All the girls floating about in their hot outfits. The lights moving, the girls dancing. Western men of all ages, shapes and sizes as far as my eyes could see. Men in their twenties acting fifty. Men in their fifties thinking they’re twenty again. The place packed with the smell of sweat and Axis. May moving up to me and talking into my ear because of the music, saying.	“You like it?” Not really. But she was never going to know that. Twisting my head so as my toothless mouth was to her ear, I said,	“Hate it.” May looking to me with a smile as she heard my words. The beautiful girl thinking I was joking. What I did like though was all the other girls that were hovering about. If that’s what they were? The girls moving around alone or in small groups, more obsessed with their phones than their real lives. 	“Shall we dance?” May asked.  Shall we dance?….. Good question. I looked to the dance floor. Worrying the fuck about how much of a fool I was about to look. So this is what people do in the evenings? I then watched the rows of single men standing alone. Holding their beer for company as the girls made faces at their phones cameras. Grabbing another much needed headshot. All these men here while I’d been out there trying to save the world one pedo at a time. 	Feeling my reluctance May took her slender hand in mine, and walked away pulling me gently through the crowd as she led me to the dance floor. Finding her own space she then held my hands in hers and looked up to me smiling with her beautiful brown eyes as I rocked myself from side to side like some big fucking bear. The music thumping. May calling out,	“I love it! I never thought I’d get you here. Le and I had a bet.”Great - so that was it. I was now sport. 	      “How much?” I asked as I took Mays lead rocking from one big boot to the next. 	“Coca cola.” May answered as she looked down to my boots and hairy bare legs. “Yeah, Steve told her he had never seen you on the dance floor in a club and no one ever would.”	“Is that right?” I answered, with a smile.	“I’m just playing.” She then called out as I looked above her wondering how long it would be before I’d see Steve come in the door. If he was not here already with the sister that is. The whole club thing being some sort of conspiracy that the man had concocted up earlier in the day whilst I’d been sweating it out in an interrogation room at the cop shop.       I looked around. Through a sea of people, from one side of the club to the other. Everyone moving, dancing, standing, drinking, kissing, posing. Girls dressed in style, others wearing so little they needed have bothered. Myself paranoid in the feeling that somewhere in amongst it all was my brother waiting to pounce. But it wasn’t Steve I saw in the crowd as I looked around towards the other side of the club. It was Sherri, and she was with her husband. 	I stopped moving as I watched them for a moment in shock. Then I heard May call out as she tugged on my hands asking.	“What is it?” Quickly I looked to her and said as I tried to keep the two of them there in the corner of my eye. 	“I thought I saw Steve.”	“I hope not.” May said back. “I wanted tonight to be just you and I.”You and I and now Sherri and her shit head husband. 	“Same.” I said, and I wasn’t lying. Not that I could. For the one time in my life I had a genuinely beautiful girl wanting to come back to my room with no other reason than she wanted to, I now had two shitheads to deal with in between.      Not letting go of my hands, almost as though she was worried I would run away. May then moved closer to me. The beautiful women laid the side of her face on my chest, tucking her head under my chin. I could smell her hair and the slightest scent of French perfume as she rocked beneath me. Hearing her words as she whispered into my chest. The girl saying “lovely man lovely man.” Over and over.       So there I stood, me on the dance floor with the most gorgeous girl I’d ever met pinned against my chin. The couple who’d fleeced my brother on the other side of the club. One who destroyed men’s lives, and the other who did the same but included children in the mix. One thing I could not understand is that if they were an item then why did she tell May where I could find this husband. It didn’t make sense. Then it did as I saw a man in his fifties, dressed to the nines in a newly tailored suit walking through the crowd towards them. The guy sporting a grin the size of a quarter moon as he reached Sherri in amongst the crowd and kissed her firmly on the lips. And as soon as he did the husband was gone. Then as if by chance May pulled herself away from me and asked,      “Do you mind if I go to the washroom.” And that right there and then was the opportunity I needed.      As soon as we were off the dance floor and May was out of sight, I was off. Heading in the direction of the escalator. Keeping to the side of the club I moved myself through the crowd. Then I saw the husband. The man closer now. The man checking out the talent, looking well dressed in designer clothes and new shoes as he headed for the exit.      I drew closer and then closer still as I gently pushed my way through a crowd that seemed to be growing larger. Then I was on him, caught up, and right behind the guy as he hit the top of the escalator. And just as he was about to step on and take the ride down I reached forward, grabbed him, and had my arm around his neck before his new shoes had hit the moving steps made from steel. Leaning back, I held him as the mixed crowd of tourists and locals stood in disbelief. Then I felt the first blow as one of the security guards hit me. Then another, and another, and another. As from what I could see six or more Thais reigned blows down upon my body and head.            Seven seconds, eight seconds, nine….. ten,       I counted in my head as the husband lashed out with his hands and feet and I felt punch after punch and kick after kick hit my body. The security thumping me hard with their fists and kicking me with their feet as I kept the pressure on the man’s windpipe. Knowing the man would be unconscious within no more than another few seconds. Then, just as his body began to go limp as it naturally had to, I felt my legs sweep out from underneath me as I fell to the floor. With a thump we both hit the ground and I heard the husband gasp for air as I felt my grip loosen. Then as soon as I had heard it, the prick was up and with what little strength he had left, he threw himself towards the top on the moving elevator and in half a tumble and half a cognizant effort, the man stumbled himself down the stairs and was gone from sight into the street crowd below.      Standing I looked about myself and felt the welts on my head from all the kicks and thumping I’d taken. The security guards now loving the fight they were in, along with the eight against one odds.        The men all standing in an arc around me. Holding their fighting posture the best they could. I looked back inside the club. The guards all waiting for me to make the next move. All of them now knowing they were not dealing with any ordinary drunk, having just given me their best shots only to see me now standing and ready to go for more. I said,      “You can go fly down there.” as I pointed to the bottom of the escalator, “or I go in there.” As I then pointed to the interior of the club. Then slowly I put my hand in my pocket and pulled out a wad of one thousand baht notes and handed them to the nearest guard to me, as I said.  “There you go - make friends.” As I pushed the palms of my hands towards the floor as a sign of peace. Then with a nod that told me I’d just bought them all off, I made my way back inside. And as soon as I was back at the dance floor where May had left me waiting, she reappeared again. The girl looking to me as she arrived, saying.      “You look hot.”      “Thanks.” I replied, jokingly and wondered what marks those security pricks had left. And yes she was correct, I was very hot in fact, and I hurt, my body and legs aching  from the kick in. Then I heard her say through the noise of the music.“A girl just came into the washroom said there was something going on. Maybe a fight I think?”“Really?” I answered.“Yes - with security, and….. I don’t know how to say this but when I was in there I saw that the girl from Samui’s here. She came in. That’s when someone said there was trouble and I had this terrible feeling inside that it was you and by bringing you here, I’d bought trouble on again.” “I’m fine.” I answered, and I was. I hurt yes, in places. But overall I was okay, at leastthis time they had not hit my face.Then May said,“I know I’m the one who wanted to come here, but I have to be honest - I don’t feelcomfortable being in a place where that girl is. What if that thug Muay Thai boyfriend is here and there’s trouble again?” Myself knowing he wasn’t there, but I would not have cared if he was. As far as I was concerned my beef with Lee Wilkes being done. Despite my need for dental work. Then May said,      “Also the GoGo bars will close soon and the place will be packed with girls, and that’ll be a problem.”       Problems like that, I could handle.       I looked about at all the lovely ladies already here. Then to the sad fucks standing alone to scared to talk. However, any one of them could have easily been myself had May not seen something in me I did not know existed. So we left, myself heading to the door with this beautiful girl on my arm. The doormen wary as I came towards them. Lining up as we arrived and nodding knowingly to me as we stepped onto the elevator and rode it down. Feeling the heat from the road as we dropped away from the air conditioned space above.      As always Walking Street was hot and packed. It’s usual crowd of hustlers working their wares standing territorial in their spots. Selling food, selling shows and sadly some selling themselves.       The husband out there in amongst them all somewhere. Two times now the little rat had managed to escape me. It was something pretty much only Houdini would have accomplished. He was slippery though, like one of mothers greasy turkeys about to hit the oven in the holiday season.      We took a baht bus along the beach road. May sitting on the hard wooden bench with ease. Myself with my ass struggling to fit, reminiscent of Vientiane.       May not speaking as we hit the hotels elevator and stood there as I felt the floor beneath us rising, pressing the soles of my feet to the worn leather inner soles of my boots. Myself wondering as we went whether we’d be opening the door to find Steve getting his ass fucked in the middle of an Eiffel Tower. That would put a damper on the romance.       We opened the door, with I feel the both of us half expecting Steve to be there with Le. But we found nothing. Just a bed with it’s nice clean linen sheets and spread, and the Little Fella asleep on the balcony.      May standing there in her nice dress that reached her knees. The girl, so beautiful as she looked at me with her smile and her long dark hair. Boy was I the lucky one, In a sea of tricksters and whores I’d found the one without the sick buffalo. Or maybe she’d found me. Taking the lead, May pulled me to her and kissed me on the lips. Myself conscious of my missing teeth. May kissing me strong as she stood up on her tip toes so as her lips could reach mine. May speaking to me as our mouths touched.      “Take off my dress, I have a surprise for you.”Her words messing with my head as Steve’s constant dialogue bounced throughout my brain.       Slowly I reached around the back of her dress and undid its clasp. Then finding the little zipper I pulled the it down unfastening it until I felt it drop between us and pool on the floor at our feet. Gently May pulled away slightly, as I felt her hand come up to my face and her fingers softly touch my forehead and stroke downwards closing my eyes. Hearing her voice say,      “Close your eyes, I have something I want to show you.”And then as I felt our lips part leaving only her taste in my mouth, I stood there in my own self enforced darkness. Filled with only patterns of white and red which floated in my mind.      “Are you ready,” I then heard her ask. As my heart raced and the words, don’t have a dick, don’t have a dick, swam around my mind. And then she said it.      “Don’t be angry,” and unable to keep my eyes closed, I opened them to see May standing naked in her heels and the same lingerie she was modelling in the photo. With my mouth open, I stared at her in shock, as I felt my dick hardening in my pants.      Fuck me, I’d seen a fair few unbelievable strippers in my time on a weekend up in grand prairie or Fort McMurray. But May was definitely a notch higher, if that was possible. Maybe it was the girls pose. Maybe the lack of drugs in her system that fuelled these lithe dancers I’d watched existence. Maybe it was just May’s smile and that instead of being surrounded by one hundred oleaginous drunk men it was just me with her in the room. For once I had a girl who was there only for me and we were alone, because it was something she wanted to do. I said.“Thank goodness, I thought for a moment you had a dick.”“No that’s my sister.” May answered as she span herself around ignoring my comment as she reproduced the same look and pose she’d given the photographer in the photo studio. Then as I stood there stunned with my gums showing. May moved into me closer and pulling me back down to her, began to kiss me more softly and tenderly than I’d ever been kissed in my life. 	I took of my shorts and T shirt and stood there in the room wearing nothing other than a hard on and my work boots. May looking to my large frame and then my footwear, saying.	“I think you’ll need to take them off in the shower?”And that’s where we headed next. May now undressed. Her French lingerie designed and made in some Chinese sweat shop now laying neatly folded on the towel rack. We stood in the shower together naked as the spray dropped down upon us from the large rainfall shower nozzle. May kissing me as she felt my muscles. Myself kissing her back as my large hands stroked her soft and tender skin. The woman holding my neck. Pulling herself up and sliding herself down onto my dick.       And there she stayed, her body pushed down upon mine. Her insides tight as they gripped me. Her breathing becoming stronger as we kissed. Then feeling as though my cock was wrapped as tight as a sausage stuffed into a six inch velvet subway sandwich, with the slightest of movement I felt her push down on me as she groaned. Once, then twice, and on the third stroke my body could take no more and overtaking my mind it decided it was time to unload and for it all to end. 	“Oh?” said May as she realised what had just happened. Myself now embarrassed saying.	“Yeah sorry, It’s because you’re not a hooker.”Fuck! 	“Oh?” Was all May said again. As I then remembered the vital love making technique tip the two ladies in Vientiane had mentioned to Steve regarding my missing teeth. So without another word and in full knowledge that I’d be swallowing my own odious cream from within a delicious pie, I dropped to my knees and with the rainfall shower crashing down upon my head I went to chow town.       Doing my best to remember a certain head and tongue movement Steve had revealed during an embarrassing forced visual tutorial he’d demonstrated on the train to Bangkok. The man giving me a play by play of the show Mr and Mrs Hamburg had put on for him whilst the three of them wasted the day away trying to make babies. My brother sitting there in the train carriage, moving his head up and down and side to side at speed. Flapping his cheeks and stretching his tongue out like an alien. Slapping it against his lips as he worked one finger and then three into some tight imaginary orifice as I looked on in horror and listened to the little fella bark. Wishing at the time on that train I could forget what I’d just witnessed, but then in the shower being glad I had paid attention to a second hand lesson in the grand old art of cunnilingus given by a dominant lesbian and her wife.       May breathing hard as she lay back in the shower with he ass and back squashed tight against the glass. Her right leg laying heavy on my shoulder as I felt the unconscious movement of her hands on my head. Knowing that for once Steve had been correct with such guarded info, after hearing May suggest how it may be a good thing that I delay getting my teeth fixed.	Then we were done, May standing there in the bathroom with her hair wet wrapped in a big soft white fluffy towel. Myself naked with a sore neck and mouth feeling like a suzerain with my new found power. Remembering also having felt like a chump the last time I’d been to chow town when the girl had spent the whole time on her phone.       Staring at the bruises on my back courtesy of the doormen. May asked in a now worried tone.	“Are you okay?”	“Yeah my necks okay?” I answered in complete innocence.	“No your back?” Say it’s from that prick in Samui. Tell her it’s deep tissue stuff. Takes a time to come out. So I said, “it’s from that club.”Fuck! You idiot! 	      “Okay.” May said as she stared back at me, “okay.”					      **************      We went to the bedroom, seeing the little fella now sitting by the balcony sliding door wagging his little tail desperately wanting to come in. Then we went to bed. The two of us, with a little dog laying at my feet on the covers. Me still kissing my girl, my jaw still aching. Wondering as we kissed, how on earth the girls who’d taught Steve this great skill did these things on a continual basis. Practice makes perfect I suppose, as they say. Then we made love again. This time, without filling up the pie as soon as the train hit the tunnel. May, making me feel special, rubbing both her hands up and down my spine gently as we did. Then almost with perfect timing as both of us finished the deed, the phone rang and it was the concierge telling me I had a guest waiting for me by the reception.             				*************              	It was almost six am when I arrived down in the lobby to discover the guest was Sherri. This young woman who’d asked me to unload on her tits. And then straight after accused me of asking if I could do the same. The girl sitting there now like the picture of innocence I knew her not to be. The girl looking like a stop out in the outfit she’d worn to the club. I said, as I reached her and stood there in my shorts and boots rubbing my neck.	“Steve’s not here.”	“I not here for your brother.” She said as she nervously looked up at me, her face full of uncertainty. 	“I’m here to speak to you.” I stared at her for a moment taking that one in. Then said back suddenly confused. 	“For someone who claimed not to speak English when we first met in that bar, you do well.” And then asked straight after I’d realized I was waiting for an explanation that was never going to arrive.      “How’s champ?” but she didn’t understand, so I put it another way I was sure she’d understand.	“How’s that cunt of a boyfriend?” 	“He’s not my boyfriend, besides that guys gone back to America.” I sat down and looked to the elevator wondering if curiosity would get the better of May and I’d see her appearing in the lobby anytime soon. Then I looked to the display case showing the gold stage suit Elvis had worn when he’d played once in Chicago. Then by the door I saw a group of monks sitting quietly in their orange robes. Turning back to Sherri, I said.	“Okay go on?”	“I looked for you all over, then they told me you were here.”	“Who’s they?” I asked showing the girl as I spoke my missing teeth that her boyfriend removed with his foot. The girl averting her eyes as I did, turning her head to the monks. Then I asked as we sat there. Her in her high heels - me in my untied big boots.       “So why are you here?”      “My husband is here.       No kidding,       “He’s here, there was a problem with that boat and I think that was you. He’s come back. I think you know that though - He’s saying he needs to start again.”       “Is that so?”       “But it’ll take a long time. I’ve a new man who wants to be in my life.”      A new man? The one I saw earlier maybe? My goodness, she moves quick.	      “He’s in love with me. But he’s not for me. He’s not strong like you.” Strong like me - what was the fuck was that about?        “My husband - he’s desperate for money now, he wants me to go with this man. He’s telling me I have to pretend to love him. Thinks he can get me to talk the guy into sending some money.”      “Same with Steve then?” I said back quickly. Sherri, snapping straight back.      “No! Steve? I loved Steve and he loved me.” Is that so? Poor Steve, getting himself sucked in by the girls smile and big titties. I asked,       “Again - why are you here?”        “All I want is to have a good life. Someone attacked my husband at that club tonight. I think it was you. I know he’s scared of you. Because of his gambling he can’t go to the police or anyone else for protection. So he’ll go and wait it out with his motheruntil your visa runs out and you have to leave.”      Visa or not - I’m staying until I find him.And as if she could read my mind, Sherri then said.      “If you overstay. He’ll tell immigration where you are. He’s done it before.”      More like you’ve both done it before.And I was about to say just that when Sherri surprised me by saying.             “I told you where you could find him the last time and this time I know he’ll be hiding at his mother’s and I know where his mother has money hidden away from him. If you can get to him soon then it is good for everyone.”      “And?”       “And – you get your cash and I get on with my life.”       “And?” I asked again as Sherri then looked straight at me, holding my stare. Changing the subject, she said,      “When they grow up, they’ll know what you have done for them.”       “Who?”“The children - my husband, told me you killed those men they found in the river. The children, they’re young now but when they’re older, they’ll know you saved them. But me? Me - no one saved me.” The women said, as some deep seated pain of a horror seemed to well up from within. Memories locked away, parceled up, packed into a sealed up compartmentalized box and left in a place entitled pain somewhere within. A box that for so many is too agonizing to reopen.       Turning her head, she looked again to the monks, and just stared at them for the longest time. The women drawing whatever slice of serenity and peace their presence could offer. Then as her body began to calm, Sherri turned back to me and quietly said.       “I was one of those children. I was just like them before. I was on that boat.” She then looked down for a moment at her ample breasts as the picture of those terrified kids hung for a moment in my mind. Raising my head back up I saw that she was again waiting to speak some more. Looking me straight in the eye and as serious as a heart attack she carried on saying.       “But I was kind of lucky, I grew these early.” The girls eyes dropping momentarily from mine as she looked back down to her chest. “and when I did, those sick men were no longer interested. But my husband back then suddenly was. So the luck didn’t last and I never got to leave.”      “Okay?” I said as I did my best to follow and wondering when she’d get to the point.      “Where he’s staying, his mother keeps money hidden from him under her mattress so he doesn’t just lose it gambling. She’s sick now though. I’ll tell you where you’ll find him and the money also. Then maybe as I say I can get on with my life, same as May and her little brother have.”      “Why do you say them?” I asked confused.      “Because when I was young girl - they were on that boat too.”            				****************                  Have you ever had that feeling when everything just lines up perfectly and the world becomes clear. The most beautiful women I’ve ever seen just happens to pull up next to me on her motorbike. Let’s me follow her along the road in a manner not to dissimilar to how the Little Fella follows me. Invites me in for dinner, invites me for drinks, calls me all the time showering me with love.             Me? A great big brute of a man, for what? To drag me into all this crap. This shit storm real life drama my brother had suddenly become a bit player in.       Along with me.       I sat down and stared at a pair of high heeled shoes once worn by Blondie. The monks now gone. Sherri in tears. Sitting in the same chair, playing with her phone as security watched on. Fuck me – Fuck me. How could I seriously be so stupid? All this shit, and on top of it all, I’d lost my fucking teeth. Me, the big warrior, the big hearted fool, the fucking crusader. Who Steve knew would come crashing into town to make it all okay again. Fuck him, Fuck him and his manipulations. I didn’t need this, we didn’t need this straight after dad!      So I waited. Waited in the same spot. Just sat there staring at the door and a pair of Jimmy Choo’s or whatever the fuck they were. Awaiting Steve who I knew would come wandering back in from whatever latest sexual adventure he’d found himself in. And then he arrived, looking like a mouse that had just found the cheese. The kid staggering, holding onto the wall with both hands like a Rockstar as he made his way through the reception.      The kid stopping to stare for what seemed an eternity at Elvis’s gold suit before he eventually found his way to me. Only to be hit straight in the chops before he could speak with a good old fashioned punch delivered by a big brother in a manner he so rightly deserved.             			******************                  I sat there on the end of the bed in the bedroom and listened to the security guard and hotel manager talking outside. Steve pacing back and forth, holding his jaw. May now long gone. The beautiful girl who loved me so much, this stunning model of a women who dripped velvet from her mouth and honey from her snatch. Crying as she’d left, after I’d walked into the room and quietly told her to get the fuck out. Myself saying to Steve as I ignored the puppy.      “How could you do this to me?” Steve saying straight back, holding his hands up in innocence.      “How could I do what to you? I haven’t done anything.” The guy using my line. His voice in complete honesty.       “I swear I haven’t done anything.” He said again. “I don’t know what you are talking about?” So I sat there, trying to take it all in. The motorbike meeting, the restaurant, the drinks, me getting obliterated drunk, waking up not knowing where I was or what had happened. Fucking roofied, more like. Then the coincidental meeting in Samui, my teeth, this fiancé Sherri, with her big titties, chatting outside on the deck, the husband hiding along the beach. The party boat, the Christians who should have learned to swim….. and… and…. and….      “Fuck!” I said again.      “I don’t know what’s going on,” said Steve confused.      “What’s going on for fuck sake is that your lovely ex fiancée and this fucking May and her tranny fucking brother all know each other – they all spent their chid hood years being abused and passed about on that boat.”      “What boat?” Steve asked in such a genuinely confused fashion that left little doubt he knew as little as me.” I said,       “You remember that burnt out wreck in the river?”       He did.            “Yeah that one. Well they were all on it as kids getting abused by nonces.”      “How’s that their fault?” Steve asked shocked. And it wasn’t. I then said back quickly not wanted to think about answering such an innocent and legitimate question,      “Your ex was in a club last night with some sad old fuck, then she came here after. Her husband was at that club too - this time I nearly had him - if not for Jackie Chan and his mates. May took me there, both of them schemed that one up I’m sure?”      “I was with some Russian chicks. Skinny ones with long legs, you know, the lingerie model type you like. You should have seen them.” Steve said straight back, doing his best to no doubt change the subject. I said, letting him know I knew exactly what he was up too.       “Don’t give me that shit.”      “I’m not! I’m just saying….”        “So then your ex,” I butted in, shutting his bullshit down. “she comes here, starts pouring her heart out about wanting the same life as May and shit, then tells me they know each other from old.”      “Yeah you said.” Steve replied, then followed it up with,      “Let me know when you get to the bit when I was deserved of being punched out.” And from what I could see after the dust had settled now in the clear light of day, the simple fact was is that he didn’t. So being the honorable person I am, and doing the right thing I said. 	“You got thumped because you’re a cunt.” 					************      All I wanted to do now was get the fuck out of dodge. Get away from this hotel decorated with old clothes which had once been covered in puke. Clothes gathered from the floors of wild and crazy musicians homes by people who worshipped them with no lives of their own. People only too happy to remove their idols stains, ironing them out in the name of rock and roll memorabilia. I needed to get away from this sleazy city with its bar girls and the fucking mongers who they fed off. Get away from the humid heat and the noisy streets and the motorcycles that never seemed to end. What the fuck was I doing here, seriously, what – the – fuck? A stranger, in a new world. Eating out of the hand of the people who fed me their problems and bullshit. I was sick of sorting out other people’s troubles in other people’s countries – I had enough on my plate as it were with my father. So that was it, fuck it I was leaving. But, and it was a big but. I had been told where the money I’d come all this way to retrieve was, and knowing this I wasn’t one to be going back empty handed. It was something I knew I could never live with if I did. So with this in mind, I was going to be having one last talk with this Sherri.       We arranged to meet her on the beach, about half way between soi six and walking street, and strangely it was the exact spot where I’d sat on the day I’d arrived. The girl in her high heels, looking over her shoulder at the road for most of the time whilst we spoke. Steve completely over the woman. The young man not even bothering to show up as he made the most of what time he had left in this city made for sin.       What I also wanted to know is if it was true about May and her sister, then had she helped in the orchestration of myself heading up to the river and then onto Vientiane. If she was as much a victim as Sherri, then why had she seemed so coquettish and kept so quiet about it all. Getting straight to the point, I asked.       “So May knew who I was and why I was here from the start?”      “Yes.” Sherri said as she looked me straight in the eye.       “You told her?”      “I told her you maybe coming. I told her my fiancé’s brother was a fighter and had killed a man who’d stole from him a year ago.”      He did – he’d said that - what the fuck Steve? I then asked in shock.	“Steve tell you that did he?” He had - The fucking fool. 	“He told me all about you. How you’re rich because you have that company in the oil industry and how proud he is of you.”He did - he is? Well at least that was something nice for once.	“We were hoping you’d come. And you did.”	“Who’s we?”	“May and I.”	“So you both played me?”	“No, not me.” Sherri then said. “I never asked anything of you.” Well that was not exactly true.	“At the beach, you came and told May to tell me where I could find your husband?”	“No, at the beach, I came to say sorry about that young kid kicking Le and the other idiot who in the end you beat up. And to ask her why she’d bought her sister along after she’d promised me she would not let her near Steve.” Sherri said angrily. Then before I could get a word about May she was off again saying. “Ladyboy or not - that was sneaky. You think I was with that Wilkes man don’t you? Well I wasn’t, we were just friends. She knew that. I ask you, put yourself in my shoes - have a manipulating vicious husband like mine - Then you’ll be hanging around with idiots like Lee Wilkes for protection.”	“You had Steve?” I asked but as soon as the words left my lips, deep down I already knew the answer.	“No.” Sherri said back. “Put it this way - Steve and I had a play fight once and I won. So when my husband turned up again in Samui. It was obvious you hated me so I went and hung with those fighter guys.” Not really giving a care about her impression of myself or the girls excuses for dumping Steve the way she had. I eventually managed to say,	“Tell me more about May.” 	“She told you I came to the beach in Samui to tell you about that boat?”She had.	“Well that’s not true. She knew you’d thrown that guy out of the window. So she must have told you hoping you’d head up there.”	“What guy?” I asked. Sherri saying, “Okay, play that game.” straight back as she looked out to sea for the first time since she’d sat down. 	      So it was true - I was being played all along by beautiful May. The girl loving me and manipulating me into retribution for her and Le and this girl sitting before me now, along with all the other poor children that had suffered on that boat. I could see her point. I doubt many people like me strolled into town who had the balls to do what I had over the last while. Steve certainly must have bigged me up into super hero status. Although the idiot should have kept his mouth shut. Taking a deep breath and moving on, for the moment I let go of the deceit and asked the girl as she sat there looking out across the sea.      “So he keeps money under his mother’s bed?”       “No, his mother keeps money he’s given her under the bed. If she didn’t he’d end up gambling it away. But now the mother is sick.” Sherri answered, as she played with her highlighted hair. “So soon the bed will be empty and she won’t be there as she’ll either die in it  or die in hospital. Then as soon as she’s gone one way or the other all there will be left are a few guys sitting out front that’s all but they’ll be drunk.”       “They know about the money?”       “Only three people know where she hides it. His mother, myself, and now you. And the mother does not know that I know. But my husband is suspicious that she has money hidden somewhere so he’ll be looking as soon as she’s out of that room.”       “Okay.” I said, as Sherri reached down and played with the little fella as he lay in the sand at my feet. I looked to her fingers and her nicely cut nails. Then to her eyes and her lips. Yeah I could see why Steve was so besotted now. I could see the appeal. There was something about her. Then catching me staring Sherri said,      “You think I’m a whore because you saw me in that bar – well I’m not - I need money to live like everyone. And the money is there, so I that’s where I go.” Then with a look that I could only call sadness, this Sherri stared into my eyes,       “I’ve never taken money for sex, despite what you think. My job in those places is to draw men in.” Sherri continued, the nice smooth skin of her breasts exposed by her tight blouse jiggling as she gave her ample bosum a little shake. The girl saying as she did,       “get them horny with these.” Staring at them as they settled. The soft caramel colored skin of her cleavage hypnotic to my eyes. Don’t stare, you fucking idiot – show some class man, And so lifting my head I said to the girl.	“Could you do that again?”Fuck! You idiot…..      Sherri ignoring me as she carried on saying,      “I’ve taken that bar money and used it to better myself with an education so one day I can leave. How else do you think I learned to speak to you in English the way I do.”       “Okay??” I said that kind of makes sense. Then I asked out of curiosity as I sucked at my missing teeth,      “where’s the champ now?”       “Who Wilkes?” Sherri asked, and before I could confirm, she carried on saying, “he’s back in Florida. His friends came here and we all hung out again. And the fool still walked about like a champion showing off his belt even after what you’d done. We went to a special bar in Patpong, Bangkok his friends knew. There’s a local Thai man there who fights Mai Thai every night at eleven. It gets quite rough. His friends arranged him to fight this guy before he went home.” Then with a satisfactory grin which spread across her face, Sherri carried on saying.       “The man who fights at the bar has little boy, and that little boy was there that night. And this fighter was not going to let some Farang beat him in front of his child - no way.”      I thought about that one as I smiled. I could just see that cunt posturing. Getting up into the ring in front of Sherri and that bunch of his boozed up friends I seen in Samui. All of them cheering him on with their screams and shouts in some seedy bar. Then getting his ass kicked by a professional who had a thousand hard fights under his belt. Sherri then said,       “he does this thing where he’d try to kick whoever he was fighting’s teeth out. Same as he did with you - like a trophy. He tried it with this guy and failed. Then karma took over and Wilkes lost his teeth. Good - Karma, yeah, good old karma.What goes around comes around as they say. What had I done to lose mine though, nothing?I’d never removed anyone’s teeth on purpose. Except that dog on the beach who deserved it. But that wouldn’t count. Or would it? So I asked,       “that go the same if I hurt a dog?”       “Yes.” Sherri answered, straight back. “Makes no difference. But it only works one way, like the bar pro he’s okay. He delivered karma he did not earn it.”       Then I thought of those Christian’s on the boat and the Tuk Tuk driver. I said not really wanting to know the answer, but asked anyway.       “You were on that boat as a kid, did any children end up in the river?”       “What do you think?” Was all Sherri said back as she stared now thoughtful out at the ocean. Then, for once she said nothing. A reel of unimaginable horror running through her mind, and in a whisper that was only to herself, she said it again,      “what do you think?”            				*****************                  I’d arranged to meet the girl at noon for a quick question. But I’d found myself still talking as the sun began to drop from the sky. The light blue horizon beyond slowly satisfying my eyes in a wonder of streaking gold and red. This girl there with me and the little fella. Sitting in her deck chair unconsciously making shapes in the sand with her delicate little feet as we watched the sun until it left us with its tiny flash of green.       Sherri seemingly comfortable. No longer looking behind herself, frightened of her own shadow as the sand fell away from her red painted toenails. The pair of us having sat, relaxing as we drank and ate whilst the afternoon wore on. This girl telling me unembarrassed about her life. Telling me about her brother also who’d been with her as a child on that party boat. And having grown up how he had and then after never really leaving. The man selling his ass at night but then taking his kids to school in the morning.       How the girl knew she had been the victim and how she had learned to switch herself off, when as a child the men had come for her. Then later how she had used her ample looks and more ample breasts to entice losers into the bars she’d worked at while she did her uttermost to save enough money to change her life.       Except with Steve, who had been different. Steve who wasn’t some sex tourist loser who was there to fuck and spread disease around town. Steve being there simply because he was hiding from something that had recently torn his life apart. The girl sitting there playing with her blonde streaked hair, telling me how she’d fallen in love with his cheeky grin and his love of life. The girl telling me how much she’d cried when she’d discovered her husband had found out about the money my mother had sent and bribed someone in the bank to take that along with everything she’d herself saved. The girl saying,       “I just couldn’t believe it when I discovered it missing. I went to the bank with my bank book to check everything was okay and it was gone. Everything - your money - my money - everything I’d worked so hard for, working in those bars. Putting up with and listening to all those losers - I knew right there and then who had it and where it was. So I jumped on the next coach and headed down south to fight it out with his mother. But when I got off the coach I saw one of those photo’s of that old monk Ajahn Phra TaSol and I went and saw him instead. Then knowing Steve would never believe me and I couldn’t go back to him, I went to Koh Samui. A week later I got word you had come to town. Just as Steve had said you would, and the guy who’d arranged that bar had been thrown out of a window.”      And there in Samui is where she’d stayed. Now not only worried about her husband but me also. The girl terrified that after the silver foxes demise, she would be next. Until she’d seen me in Samui and took me for just another loser at the bar.       Yes she’d known May and her brother Le, she’d told me. Meeting them both when they were just two frightened little boys, along with her and her brother and the others on that boat. And hearing this I’d stopped her in her tracks. 	“You mean, you first met them as brother and sister on the boat?”Sherri looking to me almost as confused as I was, as she heard the question I’d asked.	“No, two brothers. But you knew that right? She told you, first night when you met her, she told me that?”	“She’s got a kid” I said again, once more trying to justify my own ignorance.	“Men have children too.” Sherri said straight back in surprise. The girl using the same line as Steve had used on me the last time I’d bought up the child as defence. Maybe the guys not so stupid after all, and I’m the stupid one. Then Sherri carried on, telling me. “She got her boyfriend pregnant when they were teens. He’s done well now though, works for a law firm. Him and his wife live in Bangkok and have the kid.Now I was confused. I said.	“Oh?”	“Yes, it happens sometimes, you get role reversals, ladyboys with tomboys, but it rarely works out as it gets messy. No doubt? Then, hating the question I asked to be sure. 	“So May’s a… guy?”	“No, May was a ladyboy, like Le, but she’s all woman now. She’s had vaginoplasty surgery. Only someone with a gynecological degree could tell the difference.”	“Oh,” I said again, not knowing what the fuck that was and remembering myself eating lunch in the shower only the night before. 	“Le will never have that done though, that girl loves fucking straight guys too much.”	“Okay,” I said as I swallowed hard and looked to my boots still trying to make sense of it all. Then looking to Sherri, I said, unconsciously observing her breasts as I did.  	“So are you?”	“Oh, I’m all women. One hundred percent - all woman.” Replied Sherri with pride. Before carrying on and saying. 	“It’s hard though these days with girls like that about. I mean they make me feel ugly, and I know I’m not. But they still do. That’s what I was so upset with May about when I came over to your place at the beach on Samui. I mean, she had her sights set on you from the moment you arrived in town and started asking about Steve. I mean, same as Steve, guys like you two are rare here and like I said I’d heard all about you when Steve and I were together. And don’t kid yourself that it was just some coincidence she came to Samui to work.” Sherri said with a smirk, “You think May’s going to fly to Samui and hold up round boards for some nonsense fight when she can model for real money in Bangkok? She was there to stop some other girl getting her hooks into you. We both knew that.”	“Oh,” I said again. But then as I looked at Sherri I could see there was a lot more she wanted to say about this girl and before I could begin to think about how I could coax it out of her she started to spill the beans. 	“Not that she needs to work in modelling that much.” And like the naïve fool I was I answered for her and said.	“Yeah she gets the restaurant money and the tips from that show.”	“No!” Sherri then said back to me as she looked at me like a child. Her voice in shock.	“You think that if you want? You think that working as a restaurant greeter and getting photo tips at a ladyboy cabaret earns enough to pay for nails like hers? Or that new motorbike and all those designer clothes she wears. No… Boyfriends paid for that. Boyfriends paid for the language school for her and Le as well. The restaurant and the cabaret, that’s where she meets these guys who come into town and fall in love with her. And then send her money every week thinking that one day she’ll be their bride. I’d say she must have about twenty suckers out there dreaming the same dream.”Fuck me, did I feel like a fool?	“That’s a lot of buffalo?” I then said, Sherri smiling and saying straight back.        “No, that girls way ahead of any of that Issan farm girl nonsense. The girls high end, high level.”      “She never asked me for money once.” I then said, still confused as I felt the remaining walls of this world I thought I lived in come tumbling down. And all I heard Sherri say back was.      “No - she hasn’t asked you for money - yet.”            					***************So there it was, spelled out for me in black and white. I’d been played, or more likely I was about to be played. But no, Sherri, this girl who for pretty much as long as I had known her name I’d seen in my mind only a scam queen. Yet the girl had travelled all across town looking for me so as I could retrieve my money and save my ass from being scammed. I said as I looked at her in shock whilst she sat there with her face towards the crimson remnants of the setting sun.	      “I thought you were the cunt.” The girl turning and looking to me in shock as those words tumbled from my mouth. 	“You thought I was the same as them? Well I guessed as much after you’d come into that bar in Samui. And saw me with Johnny two girls.”      And that’s what they called him, Sherri had told me later, this man in his nineties who always had two girls on his arm. One for him and the other for his best friend who’d died from a brain tumour when they were just boys. Johnny telling his best friend he’d known since he was six as the young man had lay in his hospital bed sixty years before. Both of them knowing that soon the boys time would be up. 	“Know that I’m going to live a life worth living and know that every second girl I fuck will be for you.” And that is exactly what he’d done. I said back, and for as honest as this girl had been with me I did not want to lie, so I said. 	“So which one of the two used to fuck you. The dead one or Johnny two girls?”	      “Well, I suppose you would think that.” Said Sherri as she took a deep breath. “I mean what else could you have thought? Seeing me there in that slutty outfit and big heels. But like I tried to tell you before. That’s not me. It’s just a means to an ends. I have a plan. I didn’t put myself through English college so I could talk to losers in some bar. I’m Twenty two and by the time I’m twenty six I will have bathed away all this dirt from my body and I’ll be living in a western country either under my own steam or by marriage to the ‘right’ person and I can tell you I genuinely believed for a while that this person was your Steve.” I said as I took in all the girl had to say and wondered if she would ever stop talking. 	“Well let’s hope whoever you end up marrying, gets a pair of earplugs for Christmas.” 					***************      I walked back and ignoring the calls and texts from May on my phone as I headed through the now endless line of freelance ladies towards the hotel. Hearing trumpets and the fast paced drums of African music blaring out from one of the rooms in the area around the pool once I’d arrived. Feeling the vibration from the rhythm shake the wood of the door to my room. I stood there for the moment wondering what the fuck was going on now. Then without a knock which was probably never going to be heard anyway, I placed the room card into the slot and opened the door. Steve on the other side with his big cheeky grin. Standing there in the room just in his underpants along with the four African hookers I’d seen so many times standing in their spot on Walking Street. Jeering and teasing me as I’d pass so much that they now somehow seemed like friends.      The girls equally underdressed in their panties and bra’s. All of them dancing in the centre of the room to the music which blared out full blast from the TV speakers. The girls dancing well, Steve holding his own, with his elbows up under his armpits and his fists clenched. Dancing the way African men do. The young man running either hand in front of himself up and down and around and around as though he was a steam train. I stood there staring for the moment, then closing the door. I said.	“How you doing?” The girls recognizing me and answering straight back as they stood there dancing unashamedly naked before me.	“We – are - good, thank you.” They answered.Steve saying as he continued to dance in his tiny undies, as I walked to the TV and turned the music down.	“Girls are from Nairobi, they’re teaching me Swahili.”	“Looks like it.” I answered as I stared at the young man. “Ask them the word for penicillin or whatever shit they give you these days, then go get some because you’re going to need it.” Steve not giving a care, saying.	“Just dancing, being sociable, that’s all. Don’t need penicillin for that. You should try it.” And before I could say another word, one of the girls quite casually asked in the phonetically correct English she had learned at school. The women pronouncing every word and every letter of the fifth language she was fluent in perfectly. 	“You - are - more, than welcome, to, join us? I like, your, puppy, come, why do you not join us?”	“I’m okay thank you.” I replied as I looked at the girls, tempted by their lithe deep black skin and shapely bodies. 	“Your, friend, we have, worn him, out.” Said another girl as she smiled at me.	“I think, he, will need, a very good rest, after everything, that we will do, to him tonight”And with that I turned and left the room. Fuck me. I closed the door and stood with my back to it holding the little fella in my arms. His dick will be dropping off soon, As I heard the music turn back up, I then really started to worry for him with regard condoms and STD’s. I took the elevator and walked back outside and took a chair by the pool. The blue glow from the underwater lights lighting beneath the palms carefully positioned between the loungers.       The soft music drifting from the hotels small speakers drowned out by the bongo drums blasting out of the suite I’d rented. The balcony door now wide open as two of the girls made their way outside. Steve up there, dancing with the other two at the floor to ceiling window.       I thought back to the jilted and depressed Steve I’d just been in the company off up until he’d began this crusade that he’d recently started. The man seemingly completely unmindful of the fact I’d been to talk to this ex fiancé he’d been so besotted with.       And now, having met her and spent time with the young lady, I was sincerely not sure what to do. It seemed as though this Sherri was nothing but truthful and honest. The girl baring her soul to me the way she had. She’d had a tough go of it so far and was strong enough it seemed to fight her way out the other side. As had May and her sister or brother or whatever pronoun you’d use these days. All three of them living off their looks one way or another it seemed. But how many lizard skinned housewives previously married to oil executives had I met in my day. Most of them now divorced and living in million dollar mansions on fuck you spousal support. So was May any different if she had men supporting her? Not really. But she ‘d tried to play me. So the girl, if that is what she was, was now history.       And that was just the way it had to be.       Holiday romance or not, I had to admit it certainly did pain me. That weird overwhelming emotional tightness that you feel not only in your mind but physically in your stomach and chest and arms. I’d be lying if I said different. The fact she was a man or had been, taking the sting out of it all somewhat though. For as long as it had lasted I’d liked the attention. Craved it almost. But fuck me where could it go now? The girl was a guy. A pretty one nonetheless, I had to admit. Sherri though, was not and yeah, although blinkered at first. I could now see the appeal. 	She’d told me straight as we’d sat there on the beach. Eating our chicken on skewers and drinking our coconut milk from husks and whatever else had taken our fancy out there all afternoon and long into the evening. The money the husband had taken from her account could be found in his mother’s bed. That and what other money he’d scammed. So now all I’d had to do was wait. Wait until the mother dropped dead. Then either in the confusion or during the funeral I could sneak in and take it back. The only problem being was that she was sure her husband had similar designs. So even though the funeral would last all week, I had to be there ready and waiting for the women to croak, and that would take planning. 	I looked back up to Steve in our suite. The guy now wearing sunglasses and up behind one of the girls. Taking her sexually from behind as she leant against the window. Another girl waiting for him to move on to her so as he could do the same. The hotel manager there now standing on the other side of the pool looking up at him. Hearing the bongos blast and watching as Steve switched women, fucking the other girl from behind. The manager seeing me and walking over with his ass cheeks clenched in his tidy shirt and pants. As soon as he arrived he said,       “Sir  - You need to turn your music down.” Myself saying straight back as I looked up at the man from my lounge chair.      “Do I look like his dad?” The hotel manager immediately showing discomfort at the sight of my missing teeth.      “The suite’s booked under your name.” He said as he looked up again at Steve going at it.       “I thought you guys bought into the rock and roll life style? Tell me that the people who wore those suits you got in the lobby never took the stereo to eleven when they got it on?” I replied, talking complete nonsense. The man who was doing his best to look hip and trendy and so obviously from LA. Taking a deep breath and then calculating his answer, the manager said.      “It is yes, but, we have other guests to consider.” I said again,       “If my brother had a hit song you’d be asking for his jacket.”      “We have policy….” The man began saying, but I had already heard enough and was no longer interested in his words. So being the diplomat I am, I simply said.       “Go fuck off and work at Disneyland if you don’t like music.” And with that I watched him take a deep indignant breath and leave. The man’s ass cheeks even more clenched as he disappeared inside. I looked to Steve. The prick now just standing there naked at the window as the girls he’d just been fucking joined their friends lighting up there smokes on the balcony. All playing with their phones. Looking around I then saw May standing there on the other side of the pool looking straight at me.             					**************	She’d been there a while she said. Waiting and watching, trying to work up the courage to come over and talk whilst I’d sat alone and watched Steve and his new found friends. Then she said.	“I called and texted?” I looked to the girl seeing she was visibly upset. Oh, here we go!What good would it do to go over it all with her, explain what I felt? What good would it do to bring up these other guys who were stupid enough to be sending her money. It was none of my business now. There was no point, What was done was done and there was no point in saying one word about these other men she had on the go. So keeping it simple, I said.	“Go chat with one of the other fuck heads you string along if you can’t reach me.” Then I looked back up at Steve. The fool now standing outside on the balcony. 	“Sorry I don’t understand, who should I talk to - why would you say that?” May then said, the girl in obvious distress. But I didn’t bother to answer. What was the point? Nothing good was going to float out of my mouth and I needed to be civil. So for once I stayed quiet, then said.	“And you’re snatch’s not real.”	“What are you talking about Sandy?” She asked again. “What are you saying? What’s a snatch? Please I don’t understand. One minute we were making love. The next you’re telling me to go? What happened, when you went to the lobby?” I looked at her, or him, or whatever,  I suppose I should say. If someone was giving out awards for acting then May was worthy of an Oscar, for the girl seemed to genuinely have no clue. So I asked. 	“How long have you known this Sherri girl?”And in hearing these words, it seemed that everything in May’s world fell into one place. 	“So it was her?” She asked, already knowing the answer. “She’s the cause of this?”  	“You tell me?” I said, then looking up to Steve for a moment, I followed up with.	“You haven’t answered my question about this Sherri girl?”	“When we were kids – I knew her then, but she is not a friend.”	“And how many other cunt chops like me you playing?”	“I’m sorry?” May asked back. “What do you mean, I’m playing?”	“How many losers send you money?”May sat there looking to the pool for a moment, then to Steve up on the balcony. The guy now pacing naked like a Rockstar in his sunglasses behind the African ladies. Ignoring it, May said. 	“Sandy I’m sorry but you are not my first boyfriend. I have had others.”	“They send you money?” I asked.	“They have, yes in the past but I’m not attached to these men. I’m not stringing them along telling them that one day we will marry. If that’s what you’re asking?” It was indeed. But who was I to judge these people I’d never met. Say nothing, say nothing….So I said.	“Fucking losers wankers.”       The little fella laying on my lap, the most beautiful girl I’d ever met in my life in complete turmoil beside me. My brother naked up on the balcony of our suite re mounting the first of the four African prostitutes. All half naked leaning themselves up against the railing. May saying,	“Has Sherri told you I’m doing something bad? Please tell me?”For once, I said nothing. Just watched. Steve up there, the guy oblivious to all around, and  especially the drama that was unfolding beneath him. The young man playing rock star. Lost in his own little world of carnal fortitude. The guy fucking for a bit, then switching to the next girl to do the same, then moving on to the next whilst the girls played with their phones. May saying, 	“She’s told you I’m a ladyboy, hasn’t she?”She had. But what was the point of answering that question. So deciding to keep quiet and I said, 	“Yes.”May saying straight back to me as soon as she heard the answer and saw the truth written across my face. Myself wondering how it would feel to have my dick and balls cut off. But that wasn’t the question one could ask. 	“What’s if feel like to have your dick cut off?” I asked.	“That’s not fair, that’s just so wrong.” May said as she sat herself back in her chair and I cussed myself inside. Taking a deep breath, she then said angrily. 	“I’m sorry but after what you did to me yesterday evening in the bathroom. Then unless you really are a moron with entirely no understanding of a women’s reproductive organs, then you’d know that is just not true.” I guess then I’m a moron, And a bigger one than Steve, as he didn’t seem to be having the same trouble understanding the anatomy of women. Which I was having at the moment. Far from it. I looked to the other side of the pool to a crowd that had begun to build and then to the manager as he came marching his way out of the door and taking one look upwards headed straight back inside again.       Taking another deep breath May carried on.	“Yes I knew – we knew Sherri when we were young. And it’s a time in both Le and my young lives that is something I’d not like to discuss. We did not see her again for many years and when we did I was sad to see that she and her go-go dancing brother had not escaped that world as we had. I did know about you because Sherri had told Le that this fantastic guy she was seeing had asked her to marry him, and he had a wonderful brother. Then I heard that some money was missing and Sherri had ran away, which pained me. I then met you and realised who you were and I kept quiet about knowing about Sherri, because firstly, what happened to Le and me as children is about us, and… like I say, I just don’t want to go there ever again. And secondly, I did not want you to think we were involved in this missing money. You are obviously not the first boyfriend I’ve ever had, but I had hoped that maybe you were going to be the last. I’ve never been interested in any other men since we met despite the attention I get. I do have friends and I’ll say it again. They have sent money to me – yes - But they are ex boyfriends who are still in love with me. But I – I - no longer have feelings for them.” May said as she held her hands pumping them into her chest as she spoke, “and ‘I’ do not string them along, telling them I’ve a sick buffalo or any other bullshit game that perhaps this girl has told you I do. Yes - it was wrong to let Le get involved with your brother, but in Samui seeing the way that Sherri was carrying on openly with another guy I believed Steve was now available. I have no doubts now that she has probably told you that we took the fight gig purposely because you two would be there and that’s true. That is true… I did it though and I told Sherri this because I did not want any other women coming for you.”      I’d like to say that I had not heard a word May had said as she came to the end of her long, long, emotional crisis speech. But I had listened to every clear and precise university educated word the girl had said. Despite the distraction of watching, as she had delivered it, the hotel manager and two security guards burst out onto our suites balcony and haul Steve away. Then throw towels over the girls bodies, before escorting them all out the door. So with that, all I said back was.      “So you don’t have a dick then?” And May replied.	“No Sandy I have produced a child - I have a womb - I have a womb.”And as far as I was concerned that had to be the truth. Because although maybe as mentioned I didn’t have an encyclopedic knowledge of a women’s reproductive system or the gynecological degree necessary to spot such a thing. What I did know, for certain, from my limited experience so far in this world. Is that only a women would be capable of making such long, clear and precise speech as the one I’d just heard, at the same time as some guy was fucking four hookers from behind above them on a fourth floor balcony. It simply wasn’t in a man’s DNA. So that was that – job done – case proven. Why Sherri, had gone to such length to feed me full of bullshit, I don’t know. Jealousy possibly. Maybe she was after me for herself since she seemed to like hanging around people who could look after themselves, so to speak. Not that Steve couldn’t. But Steve was wild, and off on his own personal crusade it seemed and the hotel manager in his soft loafer shoes could attest to that.         We sat there, the pair of us not speaking for what seemed an age. May in her skinny jeans and high heels with her feet up on the lounger ordering and paying for a beer for me and despite never usually touching alcohol, a cocktail for herself. The warm yet cooling breeze rustling the palm leaves above us. The live sex show playing from a certain fourth floor suite now concluded. Myself sitting in silence with no teeth in my big boots and cut off shorts. I wondered about the hotel manager and what would be the outcome of the ‘African bongo party’ Steve had decided to hold, and the answer to that question came not too long after. Because, as soon as the man saw May and I heading up to the suite we were shown our belonging all neatly packaged up and invited to leave.       But this was not due to the noise or the sex show Steve had given to anyone who’d cared to look up to the fourth floor would see, as truthfully that was the sugar coated image the hotel was perhaps trying to project. The problem was because, as Steve’s four girlfriends had left, Steve had decided to follow them in his underpants and on the way out the door he’d managed to somehow snag and put on Elvis’s golden jacket.      And out the door with it he’d gone, piling into a waiting taxi with the four African hookers. Ignoring the receptionists protests as he’d sat there glistening in the back seat. And it was in the centre of the dance floor of the Marine disco where he’d been found. His African friends long forgotten and back at their usual hustle spot on Walking Street, as Steve moved about the glowing surface of the dance floor, surrounded by Russian women. Busting Elvis move after Elvis move until the police came.             			      