Chapter Twelve                   I sat with May and the little fella this time in the police station reception. Us on one side and the hotel manager along with a security guard on the other. The man looking exhausted in his soft leather shoes. The rear door to the inside of the police station opened, and Soone Jungumang appeared followed by Steve. The man still drunk, in his underpants, sunglasses, and wearing Elvis’s gold sequined jacket on his back. With great reluctance Steve slowly took it off and Soone handed it to the manager. Steve saying as he stood there lifting his sunglasses and showing his bloodshot blurry eyes to the hotel manager,       “Rock and roll baby! Rock and roll.” Myself saying to the man straight after.	“I bet Presley never had as much fun wearing that!”Then as the man checked the jacket he looked to Steve and said.	“You know this is priceless right? Elvis Presley’s isn’t just handing out jackets and tickets to his show these days you know?” Steve saying straight back.	“Go tell that to Pastor Bob’s congregation in Arkansas, they may beg to differ.”And with that, the hotel manager and his security left the building. Steve looking to me, said,	“since Elvis was always known for being generous I just done a deal here with Mr. Soone and bought back that car back you loved. He did not want to sell it but I know how much you missed it.”					***************      We dropped off May at her condo and getting out she moved in close and kissed me on the lips. Then asked, 	“We good?”Were we? It was a good question. May then saying as she held both my hands and smiled as she looked up at me.	“Call me okay, let me know where you are staying.” Myself saying “sure.” But deep down knowing I never would. For as much as the beautiful girl had spoken at great length protesting her innocence without seemingly taking a breath of air. There was one thing that was bothering me and it was that she’d pretended it was Sherri that had sent me to the Mekong. However warranted she’d felt in doing so.      I climbed back in and squeezed myself once again into the bucket seats of the little noisy Honda, and pulling away I heard Steve say. The man rolling his head around and around, still drunk.	“I thought you’d dropped that?”I had. Then Steve asked as I heard the engine roar.       “I thought you’d be upset about it so bought you some color to lighten your mood.”	“I saw.”Steve looked out the window. The guy sitting there beside me, still in his underpants. I said.	“We got a life time ban from that hotel?”	“they wouldn’t have done that to Elvis, he done that?” Steve replied as he put his shades back on.	“You’re not Elvis.” I said as I pulled the car up on to the toll road which headed back towards Bangkok.	“I was last night.” Steve said with a grin, “I was last night - baby...”				****************It was almost mid-afternoon when Steve woke up in the front seat of the car. The man for a moment no clue as to where he was. Confused he looked about and then to the road signs which we’d passed only a few days before. Looking to me he said.	“I just had this crazy dream.”	“Oh yeah?”	“yeah – I was Elvis Presley and I went to Africa.”	“That was no dream.” I said as I felt another of the many potholes that had already shaken the life out of the hard suspension of the car. Then Steve looked to the seats and around the interior of the car then seeing the new back scratcher on the dash, Soone must have bought due to having the same issue with the seats. Picking it up and putting it to work, he said.	“We been in a time machine or something?”	“Yeah we’re looking for your ex.” I said back without missing a beat. Then Steve looked down and realized he was only wearing his underpants. 	“Where’s my clothes.”	At the next town I stopped at a Big C and bought him some surf shorts and flip flops along with a T - shirt that read in English. ‘Loser’ on its front. Looking to the shirts logo, Steve said, “That’s you, that is. Not me.Is that right?Then he asked as he slipped the shirt over his head. 	“Is that all they had?” He asked. It wasn’t, but it was worth it. 	“In your size, yeah,” Then I said after he’d wore it for the rest of the day.	“Your clothes are in the trunk. The hotel packed them for you.”	“That’s nice.” He replied. Then he said, 	“My dicks itching.”	“Probably that Sherri,” I replied as I kept my eye on the road as the trucks whizzed past us. Steve thought about that one. Then said, 	“Nah. She’ll be giving any bugs she got to you now I think.”					***************Just as the sun was about to set we pulled off the highway and headed the short journey to the coast. Ten minutes later we were at a resort. Steve getting out and stretching as I did the same. The little fella jumping to the ground. Looking about at the reception, Steve said. 	“looks like the same place we stayed before.” It was, but it wasn’t the beach I was here for. It was a certain person who lived on this same beach. A someone who used to own a Pitbull which had drowned. 					***************	We checked into the room, taking the exact one we had the time before we’d been there. Steve walking about looking more and more confused as he pulled on his itchy dick. Myself saying.	“Clean the fucking thing for god’s sake.”Then I was out walking along the beach with the puppy towards the same area where I’d first met the Little Fella. The group of Pitbull’s still there on the beach. Minus one. The little beagle with them, looking as cute as ever. The Thai dog yapping in the same manner it had the last time I’d walked the shoreline. The dog’s owner with his white pasty skin despite the heat standing in the garden watering the plants with his hose. 	Walking straight up to the gate that led out onto the sand and ignoring the protests from the dogs, I entered the garden as the man watched me walk towards him. His hose overfilling a plant pot as he did. Reaching him, I said. 	“Okay, now say to my face what you told the police.”The man standing there staring up at me, looking to my missing teeth. I said it again.	“Tell me how I killed your little dog who was just playing.”The man, standing there with his hose pipe running as he nervously swept his free hand around his head and neck. Then he said,	“It wasn’t me?”	“It wasn’t you?” I said straight back.	“No.” It was - the lying prick. I asked again.	“Tell the truth. Last chance.” The man looking to me with fear in his eyes. Then in a panic he quickly said. 	“Yes I called them, I called them and straight after regretted it as I had a feeling you’d come calling.” 	“Well you were right about that, what you tell them?”	“Told them my dog was playing and you drowned it.”	“Tell me how all these teeth marks got into the leather of these boots then?”The man stood there staring at my feet, at these boots that had of late seen so much action. Then just as I was contemplating head butting the man he said, 	“I’m sorry.”I stared at him, suddenly caught in limbo. Looking to see if the apology was genuine or as phoney as a shiny Rolex you’d pick up at Bangkok’s Patpong night market. Then he said it again and I could see the sincerity in his eyes.  	“I’m sorry, I am, I’m sorry. That was the old me, the man I used to be, from years ago. When I was a bad person. When I’d been the president of a home owners association until I saw the light as to exactly the individual I’d become. So I came here to leave that all behind, be a better person. But I let that slip when I let that vicious dog I’d bought run riot.”       The man obviously carrying a lot of baggage. God knows what other bullshit he’d pushed under the wood pile. He had seen the error of his ways though. ‘Credit to where credits due’ as they say. So trying to put his mind at ease I said.	“Yeah. Once a cunt always a cunt.”With a smile and doing his best to ignore that one, he reached out and stroked the little fella’s neck. Then asked,	“Is this the puppy you saved?”It was. 	“Good, good for you.” The man said with a smile even though I had not said a word. “He’d be dead if you had not been around - It’s fate.” Then he looked at my mouth and my missing teeth. 	“I’m sorry for your injury – did this happen after?”Indeed it did. The man carrying on saying,	“when I pulled the dog that drowned, Zues was his name, from the water I saw his front teeth were missing also. So no doubt you did that? That’ll be Karma. I’m sorry. I could have stopped this had I been responsible. It is my fault. I knew Zues was a mean one. I should have taken the dog to the temple.”His fault? I don’t think so. I’d called that kick boxing wanna be out? Called the guy a cunt. So in the spirit of things I said. 	“You lucky you still got yours.”	“Oh,” the man answered as I saw him unconsciously wipe his front teeth with his tongue. The man, a fellow Canadian from Ontario, in his sixties, standing there, with his pasty face and paunchy gut. Shaking his head slowly from side to side. 	“I need to try harder.”I walked back to the hotel room that overlooked the beach which we’d returned to. The little fella following, playing with the waves as they threw themselves one by one across the white sand. Steve saying as soon as I we arrived back. 	“Come on we need to get going?”	“Where to?” I asked. 	“Anywhere but here.”But we weren’t going anywhere for a while. As we were waiting for someone to die. 					****************      So there we sat for the next couple of days. Myself taking it easy. Swimming in the pool and riding the surf in the ocean. Ignoring calls from May and taking them from Sherri. The girl talking for an age as some girls can. Steve complaining about his itchy dick and again warning me that I’d have one too soon, if I kept talking to that whore. Myself reminding the man that not to long ago she was to be his wife. My brother replying.	“Till I saw the light.”	“met a girl with a dick, more like.”	“You can talk?”	“Mine had a womb, she showed it to me.” I said, knowing that even with my imperfect medical or scientific knowledge that was an impossibility.	“Oh yeah, I forgot they keep an ultra sound machine by the kettle in hotel rooms here.”       And so it went, endless bullshit banter between two brothers as our days melted away in the sun. The man who once owned a vicious Pitbull popping in more often than he should. Bringing cold beers and food his wife had made. The man retiring to this sleepy shoreline in the hope of finding redemption for his malignant past. Marrying a Thai lady half his age, who Steve now coveted. The lady with her low cut blouses, big eyes and tight shorts. The man sinking deep into a religion that for ninety percent of his life previously he’d only known as a word. The gentleman now quoting buddha as easily as he could hockey stats. Steve asking if there was any ladyboy bars close by. 	“Not here,” The ex-housing association president turned Buddhist who went by the name a Campbell had answered as his eyes had queried my brothers openness. Steve sensing the man’s discomfort, carrying on saying.	“Yeah, my brother has a thing for them.”	“Oh,” Campbell had said as he looked to me and then to the floor. 	“Yeah, they like him cos he’s got no teeth.”The man surprising us both for once by shutting Steve down in an instance, saying.	“Yeah, well I had sex with one once too. Real hot she was, that’s not for me though. You know why?” he asked. Then carried on straight away without waiting for a reply with,	“Never sleep with a women who can beat you in an arm wrestling match.”Well that wasn’t that untrue, The way May’s sister had demolished that ginger haired fighter who’d sucker punched her in Samui. The man actually in the end, turning out to be pretty good company, even if he had once called the cops on me. Had he not though, maybe I’d have never met that cop and there’d be a boat still full of Christians floating on the Mekong and a guy in a Tuk Tuk flitting about in Vientiane advertising his wares with a little green flag. There was that one guy out there still though and I knew from the long telephone calls I’d been taking from Sherri that it wouldn’t be long before we met again. The girl laughing down the phone after I’d told her May’s reaction to me accusing her of being a ladyboy. The girl saying straight after. 	“what do you guys say over there that they taught me in my English class at school – All’s good in love and war?”  Steve saying each time I’d hang up the phone something like.	“Remember where that mouths been when you kiss her. But I honestly did not think he cared. The man telling me his new philosophy being that he pays up front instead of paying more on the back end. If it floats, flies or fucks – rent it. That old cliched chestnut. Not that he’d been paying for anything since I’d arrived and had been picking up the bills. But what was new there. 	Then as one night seemed to drift into the next and Steve had seemed to have perfected the art of body surfing in the waves, Sherri called again and this time told me to get ready. 					******************The place her husband’s family lived backed onto a small irrigation canal she’d told me.       “I’m not in the house, I’m outside as his mother hates me and I’m no longer welcome.”      “Why?” I’d asked knowing that it was none of my business.      “She thinks I’m no good for him.” Was all Sherri said.       No good for her son who deals in child sex trafficking.	      “She know what her son does for a living?” I asked. 	“She drove the van.” Sherri said straight back with contempt.What a nasty bitch, That’s if what Sherri was saying about her mother in-law was the truth, and I already knew the girl had been known to stretch that.       “My husband would be inside though.” She’d said.      Her husband. The guy with her, holding her hand, trusting her, pimping her out to western men to scam. Some husband - no wonder she was royally chatting me.Then with a ping, a picture arrived on my phone showing the house from the front above and from across the other side of the canal. 	“Get ready.” she said,  “They’ll all be messed up when that witch dies and gets taken to the temple. Park up the road and cross the canal, you may have to wade it, or swim, depending on the weather. The money will be in a slot cut into the side of the mattress that rests against the wall. Her bedroom is the only one in the house with its own buddha shrine. The woman has paid her way to high social status, so it’ll get busy quick. People are already arriving from all over.”      So leaving Steve alone with the dog and the opportunity to make more suggestive glances and comments to Campbells wife I left armed only with an address and a few photos taken from a digital map. 	The place was a good ten miles away. Reaching it I passed by the back of the house. Then I found a bridge across the canal at its rear and thankful now for the blacked out windows, I passed by the front of the house in my noisy car. It was obvious something was going on. The long line of other cars haphazardly parked along the road. The groups of people standing, looking mournful, as their children played and the street dogs wandered nervously around them all. Sherri in her nice western clothes standing out like a princess amongst them all.So she was correct,  I drove past her and wondered if she knew it was me inside driving the car. Looking to her lengthy dyed hair and red lips as I went. I carried on along the road until I reached another worn down bridge and crossed to the other side. Pulling up I stared out at the canal with its black water and grime that floated upon its surface. I looked to the clock on the dashboard of the car. It was now five thirty in the afternoon. The sun would be setting soon. 	I drove by the back of the house one more time and parked up along the road. Looking about I could see there was no one around. Then I waited, staring at my phone. An hour later it rang and it was Sherri, who coldly just said. 	“She’s just died.” I looked down the canal to where the house sat. Staring at the homes roof almost as though I expected this woman I’d never known to come floating out through the roof tiles. Then I heard Sherri say.       “I’ll let you know when they start to move the body.”  Opening the door, I stepped out and almost as soon as I’d taken two paces forward a street dog was on me. The mutt doing its best to look tough with its haunches up and yapping. Picking up a stick I quickly sent it on its way and slipping down onto the bank I dropped myself into the water and disappeared quickly under. The dog standing up on the road, barking as I re surfaced and swam myself to the other side. Then grabbing handfuls of weed, I pulled myself along the bank, passing the back wall of the other houses until I reached the one owned by the husbands family. 	With the noise of the dog still barking in my ears, I climbed out and looked at my bare legs in the twilight. Leaches large and small now hung beneath my knees like tiny miniature eels. Reaching down I pulled the first one off, picking away the grip it held upon my skin with my finger nails. Feeling the slimy wet body squish beneath my fingers. The little thing holding on with its tiny teeth as long as it could. Reluctant to give up it’s free lunch or allow itself to be ripped in two. Pulling them all off  I climbed the canal bank. My big boots once again full of water as my toes slipped about inside. Their tread digging into the mire as I pushed my way up the muddy slope.       Reaching the top I sneaked a look over the wall built just a few inches higher than the bank on the other side for when the rains came and burst it’s banks, flooding the land on the other side where the dog now stood, now joined by another. Both now barking as loud as the air in their lungs would allow. 	Reaching the rear door, I then waited. The inside of the house now as silent as an empty church. Stepping inside I made my way down a thin corridor then looked to the left into a small empty room as the sweet caustic and unmistakable smell of lingering death hit me. Stopping I looked along the corridor. The door to the room on the right was fully open. I moved forward, feeling the water in my boots again squishing around my toes. The smell becoming stronger as I neared the open door before stopping outside to look into the room that Sherri had described as her mother in-laws bedroom. And that’s where I saw him again for the third time.       The husband, with his long hair and his fancy jeans. Leaning over his mothers bed. Close to the Buddhist shrine just as the man’s wife had told me her mother-in-law used for worship. The man pulling away at his recently departed mothers mattress, and finding nothing. The fabric still warm from her body. The sheets smelling of her piss. Then sensing someone was behind him, the husband suddenly turned. The man’s knees buckling from beneath him as he saw me standing there. Dripping wet in my clothes, smiling at him with no teeth to show, and with the leeches I’d yet to find hanging from my skin. Then before he could run like the cornered rat he was, I spartan kicked him hard in the chest and sent him flying back off of his feet into the shrine that this family had no right to keep. 	With a thump he hit the floor as the candles and pictures of Ajahn Phra TaSol,the one hundred plus year old monk so revered in these parts fell to the ground. The husband gasping for air as he tried to stand. Then before he could re gain his composure I was back on him. Slipping him quickly into a choke hold that would be impossible to escape I dragged him quietly from the room and back down the corridor. With the sound of the man’s jeans ripping away as the jagged cement wall dug into the skin on the backs of his calves, I pulled his body down the muddy bank into the water of the murky canal.	With the dogs barking ringing in my ears and feeling the canal bed beneath my feet I pulled the man’s body through the water until I reached the other side. How long had it been?I’d clasped him in the chokehold and dragged him through the house and into the canal? Not long, I’d been quick. Ten maybe twelve seconds? The man would be out soon if he wasn’t already. Then once he was unconscious, I’d simply just let him go. Let him drop down into the water to drown in the way he deserved. 	And just as I was about to let go of his body to do just that, I heard the dogs stop barking and felt one bite me on the arm. The street dog snarling and ripping at my flesh as the other rightly so, joined in the attack.       “Fuck!” I said out loud as I felt the both animals teeth ripping into the skin at the top of my arm. Their strong rancid jaws clamping on to me as they twisted and turned their necks. Letting go of the husband, I reached around with my free hand and punched both dogs hard in the face. Then, when the pain of my fists did not make them release, I grabbed each ones face. One at a time, poking my index finger deep into their eye sockets until they did. 	The dogs yelping as the pain of them losing an eye each became a shocking sudden reality. Then ignoring the blood as it ran from the bites in my left arm and getting back to business, I looked down to see the husband was gone. 	Stepping forward, I reached down with my right arm and felt through the dark water feeling only reeds and small debris as I swished about feeling for his body.  Then out of the corner of my eye I saw him, maybe twenty feet along the canal, as he scrambled up the bank on all fours and disappear into the rear of a neighbouring home. Fuck me, this man was like a fucking cat with nine lives. And so far he’d used up three.   					****************I made it back to the hotel and walked inside through the patio doors and went straight to the bathroom. Hearing Steve say as I turned on the tap and looked to the bites on my left arm. 	“Who’s dead this time?”No one sadly. And wasn’t that the truth. Then I asked him, 	“Why do you always say shit like that?” Not bothering to answer Steve said instead. 	“I just tried to fuck that guys missus but her husband’s not having it. Guys man marking her like he owns the woman.”For fuck sake, does he ever stop? 	‘they are married.” I told him as I looked at the bites. 	“Guy should share it about you know. Needs to learn not to be selfish if he wants to improve who he is like he keeps saying.”	“The man brings you beer, what’s wrong with you do you have no morals.” I said as I looked in the bathroom mirror.	“should give some to her, loosen her up a bit.”I’ll ignore that, So I said out loud.       “you’re a fucking bigot.” Then I looked back at the bites. They were deep and sore, but I’d had worse. Calling out, I asked.	“You got any scotch or shit left here?”Hearing Steve grown as he pulled himself off a chair and away from his phone saying. 	“Yeah, a bit. But I was going to save some cos there’s a bunch of foreign beach cleaning do good students coming round here soon.”Then seeing his face as he entered the bathroom as his eyes widening in alarm went straight to the bites on my arm. He said. 	“Jesus fuck Christ.”Then he saw the leeches, that I’d yet to find an remove.      “What the fuck have you been doing?” As he then opened the bottle of scotch and took a swig before dropping a little bit of alcohol on each leech removing them one by one as he spoke.      “See this on a movie once.” He said, as he pulled each one off and threw them in the toilet. But I knew he hadn’t ‘seen it in a movie’. Because, as I mentioned before, this wasn’t our first canoe trip into a river, or a canal or lake for that matter. They’d been a few and we’d both had our fair share of parasitic leeches over the years, in and out of the water.       “What is it with you and dogs?” He then asked looking at the bites as he moved in closer, for a moment putting his nurses uniform on.       I said nothing. Then as I felt the sting of the soap and water he sprayed into both wounds followed by the scotch, he said.	“I told you before you can forget about the money. I’ll go do a job and pay you off. Just stop this shit before you get yourself arrested or killed.”  	But it wasn’t about the money anymore, and I wasn’t stopping. There was no way. I’d seen the frightened faces of those kids on that boat and I’d heard the tales since from Sherri in our endless chats where I barely spoke. Anyone on that boat over the age of consent, as I said, had a problem and I wasn’t backing down. Most now were dead from natural causes and the last one would soon be sent him off to be with his mother and whatever god would accept their kind.    					****************	An hour later after a quick trip by Steve to the local 7-11, I was bandaged up and sitting on the bed with the little fella. The top of my arm now feeling sore and bruised and I was contemplating rabies shots at the local hospital. I had not heard from Sherri which was strange.       I slept rough, haunted by vivid dreams of dogs and leeches and a small shitty roach like Asian man who was difficult to exterminate. Then just before the  dawn light came bursting into this quiet section of the world my brother and I currently occupied, I’d woken with my T-shirt wet with sweat around my chest and my boots still on.  	Getting up I pulled my T-shirt from my body and walked outside with the little fella running at my heels. The sun painting the sky with its deep orange glow. Sitting down on the beach and resting my chin upon my knees I just sat and watched. Listening as the world around me slowly woke up. Birds chirping. Springing out from their nests or perches high above. Flying with pace and vigor out into the morning air. Racing their little wings as they twisted and turned in the dawn sky. The unrelenting surf rushing in as the waves emptied on the beach. Stretching themselves out as they did their best to touch the tips of my boots. 	That wonderful moment that touches us all at some point in our lives. That moment of tranquility. One minute of pure wonderment that finds you as you find it. A time when you realise it is just yourself alone with nature and you feel blessed as the warmth of the first rays of the morning sun grows and you’re bathed in its presence.	And there I sat, for once not feeling. For once not thinking, just being. The little fella laying there at my feet with his head in the sand as we both listen to the dawn. Then behind me, seeming out of nowhere I heard Steve say as he began to run his mouth off.	“You gotta love this, yeah you gotta love this, fuck, the peace, the tranquility, this is what it’s all about. This is life, this is living, this is what we all dream off. Both of us out here on our own - no one bothering us.”   I looked around to him, the man standing there in his underpants and said.      “Will you just fuck off?”      “Oh someone’s got out the wrong side of the bed. I wasn’t me who bit you. Why can’t you just enjoy what’s around you.”       And then as quick as my brother had dropped in and spoiled the moment - he was gone again. Leaving me there with the morning sun and a canvas of orange and purple to feast my spirits on. Then just as I had almost once again found that mystical feeling that had reached deep within me moments before, he was back. This time with my phone, ramming the thing in my face as he said.       “That bitch who stole your money’s on the line.”      Sherri asking straight off the bat with a manner void of any pleasantries.      “You kill him, is he in that canal? I’m scared to look.”      “I’ve never killed anyone.”      “I’m at the temple, he’s not here, he never showed.”      “He was at the house – maybe I spooked him.”      “That’s not good.” Is all Sherri said next. Then she stayed silent for a moment. Before saying.       “He may think I told you?”      “Who knows what he’s thinking.” I said back, before Sherri asked.      “You found your money though didn’t you?”I hadn’t. So I said. 	“I found him searching for it.”	“Okay.” Sherri then said, her voice loaded with nerves and tension. “I’m staying here at the temple, there’s a lot of people, I’ll not leave, I’ll sleep in the temple floor by that woman’s body. He won’t touch me here. Funerals last days, I’ll let you know if he shows.” And with that without giving me a chance to speak Sherri was gone. The girl moving fast, thinking faster, as she did her best to remove this malignant individual from her life. But what she was yet to realise as she sat there in this temple that morning. Feeling the same heat as I from the early morning sun, was that her husband was already there, and he was watching her.