Chapter Thirteen       It wasn’t until the end of the next day when I heard from Sherri again. The girl just as frantic with her words. Her phone call once again interrupting a serene moment as I sat in the local clinic having the now infected bites on my upper arm dressed and rabies shots pumped into my arm. Steve there, grinning like an idiot at the young nurses all reveling in the attention. Sherri saying in complete panic. 	“He’s here, there’s hundreds of monks and he’s one of them.”	“How long has he been there?” I asked. 	“I don’t know, these monks, they’re everywhere. His mother’s gave all that cash you were looking for to the temple a week ago. I discovered that this afternoon when I heard it had now gone missing. Someone stole it. So I started looking at everyone, including the monks. I hadn’t looked at them before but I started once I heard that. Everyone’s wearing black and all the monks are in orange. It’s hard but I managed to work my way through everyone. That’s when I saw him.”	“He see you?” I asked wondering if she was ever going to stop.	“Of course.”	“he shave that hair?” Stupid question, And as soon as I had asked it, I heard Sherri say again.           “Of course.” And followed it up quickly with. “He was here as a kid, so he’ll know the routine.” Then pausing for a moment she said. “I knew he could never miss this, that old monk I asked for help, remember? He’s here as well now, the one you see all over the place on the back of the cars.”      “I saw him once in Samui.” I replied butting in, then trying to add something other than panic to the conversation, I said, “Guys still with us then?” But Sherri wasn’t listening. She said.      “Everyone is scattered now, but there’s a ceremony tonight at eight. Then the cremation is tomorrow morning now. Ajahn Phra TaSol decided that apparently. After that my husband, he’ll be gone again - until the next time he pops up out of nowhere to ruin me.”      And then without another word she was gone.       I sat there looking to the clock on the wall as the nurses did their thing. It was six in the evening. The temple was a good fifteen minutes away. By the time I was done here it would be about seven. Then I’d have an hour to drop these two off and get over there.       But like everything that you do around these parts, it takes time. And I wasn’t released until seven thirty. 					**************      What was worrying me the most as I drove through the country roads towards the temple was that if things got really bad and Steve became involved, then the little fella would be out on the street. And that couldn’t happen. I said.	“when we get there. You take a cab back okay?”	“get where?” 	“Temple.” I answered quickly as I saw the second sign pointing the way. The whole billboard emblazed in gold writing with a picture of Ajahn Phra TaSol, sitting centre place.	“Why?” Steve then asked.	“Sherri’s there.”	“For fuck sake.” Steve said simply. Ignoring him I continued saying.	“I’m going to meet a monk.”	“Not that old guy we keep seeing pictures of is it?” It wasn’t.	“No.” I answered without elaborating. Then I watched Steve, the man suddenly uncomfortable as he began to shift in his seat.	“You can never harm a monk, remember preaching that fucking little golden nugget to me, do you?” I did,But I wasn’t going anywhere to harm a monk, I was going there to harm an impostor.					*****************  	I pulled the car into the temple grounds, passing through its golden archway and parked up at the edge of the temples now crowded car park. The huge sacred space built for worship there before us, rising from the earth in all its worldly Buddhist grandeur. Large steps, as steep as they were wide, rising up towards magnificently coloured carved wooden doors that led within. Steve said as he looked at the steps that led up to the main door, “who’s this mob then?”“You don’t know?” I asked in genuine disbelief. He didn’t. So I asked him.“How long you been here in this country?”“Longer than you.” “Take a guess.” I asked. Steve saying straight back without missing a beat.“Buddhist.”“What makes you think that?” I asked just in case he’d got lucky with a wild guess.“Because it’s all that housing association nob whose missus needs to get fucked keeps talking about. It’s his second favourite subject, all he ever talks about - talks about that and his missus who I’m telling you is dying for it. And the fact that you kicked his dogs teeth out, then drowned it.”“He said that did he?”“Yeah said it’s a secret. Said he let it go because karma took care of that for him and you’d suffered enough with your teeth, said he’d have nothing to aim at when he hits you with one of them shaolin priest moves. Guy thinks he’s Caine out of Kung Fu. He was a Buddhist as well. But you probably don’t know important historical shit like that.”“You’re right. don’t know - before my time.” I said, as I looked up at the temple and wondered how long it would be before I found that shit head inside. Steve on a role, carrying on, saying straight back.“Yeah well that’s what you get for not bunking off school and watching cable in theafternoon like I did. Missed out on a proper education, staying there learning nonsense you don’t need, like the square root of a banana, being teacher’s pet and shit, Mr. goody two shoes, learning like you did.”“Is that right?” I said wondering when the guy was ever going to shut up. But no, my brother wasn’t done,      “Now he’s saying that dog that bit your arm name’s karma. But I doubt that’s true because your new girl told me they don’t name street dogs around here.” Looking to Steve I said.	“You need to go, take the little fella back to the hotel. I’ll see you later.”	“I want to come in, I’ve been thinking a lot lately about religion since I’ve been trying to fuck that guys wife.”Is that right? 	“You know what I think about all these religions around the world” Steve carried on saying, “I think that maybe all these people are worshipping the same guy - like these guys who marry loads of women - it’s all the same person just packaged different.” 	“what about Sikh’s, they got seven gods.” I answered straight back using some of the ‘nonsense’ I’d learned being ‘teacher’s pet’. Reaching out, my hand pulled the door latch open. Steve saying to me as I stepped out the car.       “well those Indian guys, they always go in for big families you know that?”                   				***************      	I walked to the bottom of the steps and looked up. The ornately carved roof with its dragons and curling points of spear, all laying silhouette against the moonlit clouds. I began to climb them quickly, taking two at a time. Counting twenty eight strides as I went. I reached the top to find myself standing in amongst a sea of shoes. Then looked back, Steve was still there.The fucking prick.  With the blacked out windows it was impossible to tell if either him or the puppy had watched me go or if they were watching me now? Probably. Silently I signalled him to go, motioning towards the road with my hands for him to leave. Once, then twice. Then I waited as nothing happened. The prick.Giving up, I turned and moved towards the door and stepped inside. The interior of the temple dimly lit and crowded with locals neatly lined up, all sitting barefoot on chairs. Most dressed in black, some with white shirts. One hundred plus Monks lined the length of one wall. All sitting on the backs of their legs, in their orange robes. Their shaved heads bowed in prayer.       A huge golden Buddha gracing all at the far end of the temple, watched with silent eyes from his raised platform stage. The husbands mother laying beneath him in her white coffin emblazoned in lavish silver patterns at his feet. The woman now surrounded by an array of flowers and portable circulars fans. Ajahn Phra TaSol there also. The man having seen it all before in his one hundred plus years. No doubt wishing it could be him instead laying at peace.       The man too old now to crouch as he had all his life. Seated in a chair before her. The man’s personal assistants in their orange robes to either side, all leading the chant of prayer on Ajahn Phra TaSol behalf as the revered monk stayed silent. 	I stood there watching it all from the back. Looking along the line of monks for the husband. Tall monks, short monks, skinny monks, fat monks. Some with orange satchels slung across their shoulders, others with tattoos, several with mobile phones laying close. This procession of holly men who’d converted to the Buddhist faith from all walks of life. All individual, although all looking the same. I then looked through the crowd of what must have been four hundred people and fidgety kids for Sherri. If she was there, I couldn’t tell.  	I looked down to the glazed white tile floor. My big boots outlandish amongst the bare feet of all around me. Then as quietly as I could, I started walking. Slowly looking to each monk, one at a time as I passed before them. None raising their heads as I passed. The husband there in amongst them for certain. Slowly, I passed ten, then twenty, then thirty, then fifty and sixty, staring at each individual as I went. The Buddhist chants harmonically singing in my ears as the repeated words I could not comprehend echoed around me. Then as I reached the end I turned my head towards the coffin laying silent in all its silver sparkling splendour. Ajahn Phra TaSol, the elder monk sitting beneath it with his head up and staring at me through his watery eyes. The man seemingly knowing who I was and why I was there. Then he changed his gaze. His head twisting slightly turning to his right as he looked a foot beyond me to a monk sitting behind where I now stood. 	Turning I stared at the man in his old robe with his worn out satchel across his shoulder. His face and head shaved. His small body. I moved closer, standing there as all around me continued with their chant. The man before me now doing the same, as he recited the ancient scripture. I looked to his face then to the amulet hanging around his neck, then to the monks hands. In this moment of tranquil prayer, this man’s hands which he clasped tightly together were trembling slightly. I then looked to his legs to see the scratches on the back of his calves that he would have gained if someone bigger had dragged him backwards over the wall towards a canal. Then I stared at his recently shaved head. Gone were his long greasy locks of hair I’d felt as I’d tried to choke him out. Gone was the drooping moustache I’d felt upon my wrist as he’d wriggled and snarled as he’d tried to bite.Fuck me it was him! I stood there before the man. Turning I looked back to Ajahn Phra TaSol to see that his head was once again bowed in prayer and that neither myself or the husband were no longer a part of his consideration. 	Then I felt the burst of energy as the husbands arms suddenly sprang out from his body and in one stabbing notion he thrusted a small knife he’d been concealing in his hands into my chest. Once, then twice. I stepped back feeling the searing pain of the knife wound as blood spurted out onto the white tiled floor. The husband, springing to his feet as I reeled in shock. The man’s bare feet slipping to the floor in the bloody mess he’d himself just created.       Stepping forward with one hand held against my chest I reached out grabbing the man by his robe and pulled him up to me. The husband spinning in the robe as he went. Then with another thrust the man stabbed me again as he slashed out with the knife catching me in my free arm. And then like a rat desperately heading for the freedom of an open door, he ran. The man’s naked wet feet slipping beneath him as he did. Sending him one way into the shocked congregation and the other into the line of monks he was pretending to be part of. 	Stepping away from my own blood that now lay before me, I gave chase. One hand holding tight to the wounds I felt in my chest. The other swinging whilst it bled as I careered after him towards the door. Then just as he reached the temples entrance, I caught up again with the man. Grabbing his orange robe as it trailed behind floating in the air. It’s natural wrap causing him to spin as I pulled it tight, twisting his body and legs and upsetting the rhythm of his feet as he ran. The man stumbling through the door as his misplaced steps hit the sea of shoes sending him tumbling head over heels onto the temples steps. And there he fell in his long flowing orange robe, bouncing and spinning, colliding hard each time with the ancient concrete steps, until he lay still in the dark gravel on the road below. 	I stood at the top of the stairs looking down at the man’s body as it lay motionless on the ground. Then I saw the door to our noisy Honda open. Still holding my chest, I began to walk down the steps. Feeling the pain in my wounds and careful with my footing as I went. I reached the bottom as Steve arrived at the same time. My brother looking to the monk as he lay there. The man lying dead. His face and body cut open from the fall. Steve looking then to me and seeing the blood under my hands, saying,	“Jesus Christ! What the fuck have you done now? You threw him down the fucking stairs!”	“I didn’t do anything.” I answered for once in complete honesty as I reached down with my free hand and pulled the orange satchel from the husbands side. Holding it at my waist I lifted the large canvas flap and looked inside to see a bottle of water, a Buddhist bible and bundles of tightly bound one thousand baht notes. Looking to Steve I then said. 	“here’s your money, so now you don’t owe anything.” And with that, I turned and with the satchel on my shoulder began the long hard walk up the temple steps.       I reached the top. The crowd that had gathered now standing on the scattered shoes parting for me as we met. Stepping back in side and holding my chest, I then saw Sherri. The girl standing to the side with a group of relatives with her mouth open just staring. Her eyes catching mine. Showing the fleeting recognition only the two of us could comprehend. Then I reached Ajahn Phra TaSol, the man still sitting on his chair at peace with his body curled and his head lowered. Then as he raised his back and lifted his head, he stared at me once again though sunken watery eyes. Holding the satchel, tainted now with traces of my own blood to him, I said. 	“This belongs to you.”And as his eyes for a moment brightened and shone, he replied, simply saying. Thank you.And it was a thank you which came without words but instead with the look he gave. As his eyes for that moment held mine in a connection of understanding. And in that moment I knew that we both had in some spiritual way become joined. Both knowing that a certain evil had been removed from this world. 					****************      There was not much else I remembered about that particular night. The blood that was leaking from my system onto the temples floor, causing me to black out. Only for me to wake the next day in a brightly lit room with a drip in my arm. Steve sitting close by on a vinyl chair saying as soon as he saw my eyes open.	“You should see the chick who’s been in here playing about with that pipe they stuck in your dick.” Myself saying back as I looked under the sheets to see he wasn’t lying. I then looked around the room. 	“Where’s the puppy.”	“With that housing association guy who keeps talking about kicking your ass.”	“He okay?” I asked, suddenly worried the man may be contemplating some sort of revenge via my dog.	“Yeah, he’s good, the man’s scared of you. I think he heard you threw that guy down them steps.”	“I didn’t.” I said as I felt the pain in my chest begin to return. 	“Not what I saw from the car? Anyway the guy deserved it. He was a bit of a prick I think.”A bit? Then keeping at me, Steve said. 	“Your girl came here this morning. Told me it would never have worked between us because she had issues.”	“Lucky ones died early eh?” I said, and at the same time after all the chats we’d had about our father, I knew, I had again, just put my foot in my mouth. Ignoring me, Steve carried on saying,	“She said you killed her husband as well. No police though, none of that shit. Those guys at the temple just threw the prick in the burner with mumsy. Job done. Two for one special on shitheads going at the temple on Wednesdays maybe?”	“Maybe.” I answered as I thought about that guy lying dead in the burner next to his mother. I then felt the bandages on my chest and both arms. Steve carrying on saying,	“She said, they threw money in the air at the end to make all the local children happy as the bodies were burning up, said it’s a thing here.”How ironic,  	“Seems like the guy did a better job on you than those dogs I think?” Steve carried on saying, then followed it up with a question that I knew was burning from within. 	“So what’s the deal, everywhere you go, you lashing out and shit and people seem to die? You know you keep saying it wasn’t me, it wasn’t me, I didn’t do it. Playing innocent and shit. But you could at least just confess to just one.” And deep down I knew exactly where this was going and I’m sure it was never going to end. So this time I just told him straight what he wanted to here. And for once in my life it was the truth.	“Yeah, I killed somebody once, I’ll admit that” I said “I killed dad.” And I had, that for sure was the truth. But I had not killed him with my hands, I killed him with my words.					      ***************       And that’s what had happened when that strange man had arrived at our door and turned our lives upside down. All us together as a family having Sunday lunch, which sadly turned out to our last. This little yellow car pulling up outside. My father seeing it first. This composed, cool headed man for once showing weakness. This little man, in his see through lace outfit with red vest and undies, getting out and strutting down our garden path with tears in his eyes. The man banging on the door with his forehead pushed tight against the stained glass window. Screaming out, “I love you - I love you,” into the doors wooden frame and through the letter box. My father sitting there red in the face in utter panic. The man shouting “don’t leave me, please don’t leave me!” over and over as he stepped into the garden. Steve and I motionless at the table with our mouths open. Looking accusatory to our mother for an answer. Then feeling the questionable sensation work its way through both of us, as the realization of truth set in straight after this man called out our fathers name.  	Our father sitting there, doing nothing. This mountain of a man, sedentary with his head lowered in shame. Our mother not saying a word. And then as the quick as it had all started, this distraught man. Overwhelmed by desperation and possessed by a sudden incontrollable moment of madness, had burnt himself out. And off he went in his crazy twinky gay clothes. Back down the garden path, back into his little yellow car, and was then gone. Back into the world that he came from.	For a moment we all just sat there. Steve and I for once silent. Both of us brothers looking to each other as silent tears ran from our mothers eyes and our father looked to his plate of half eaten food. 	And then unable to keep it in I simply asked.	“Who the fuck was that dad?”My father staying still whilst our mother left the table and disappeared to their marital bedroom. I asked again,      “What the fuck dad, who was that guy?”My father saying nothing, just sitting. Steve looking to me, shaking his head slightly letting me know I should let it go. But I could not. 	“What’s going on dad?” I asked again, and asked again and again, and again.	“Explain yourself.” I said once more as my father then slowly stood and without looking to either of us or saying a word. Myself on and on at him, calling him a loser, fag, and a cunt over and over, as he walked to his study and locked the door. And there he sat in for what seemed an age. Until that solitary shot rang out. That one shot which destroyed our fathers life and everyone else around him who loved him so dear. One shot. Triggered by words that came from me. Vicious and angry words that flowed from my mouth irrepressibly, with venomous wrath, in a manner which I could not control then and still to this day ever since.       Telling the man right there and then the truth of how I felt. When in reality I could not have been more wrong. One single shot, which echoed through our beloved home, bouncing from the ceilings and walls of the rooms were we’d all played as children and as men. One solitary shot, loaded to the hilt with guilt and shamed regret that broke the poisonous and anxious atmosphere of silence that had so suddenly become our world, like a bullet to the roof of one great mans mouth. Of which it was.					***************	Steve sat there looking to me as I stared at the white hospital wall in front of him which needed a painting of some sort. Then he said.	“You think that was on you what he did?”I did. That was something I could not deny.	      “That wasn’t you Sandy” Steve said, “It wasn’t you.” 	“You think mum didn’t have her secrets? You think she was innocent? Dad had his own life. What he did with it was his business. You can’t hate him or yourself for what happened. For what he did. You can’t spend the rest of your life lashing out with your words and actions. I’ve seen the change in you since. The old Sandy would never have thrown a monk down some temple stairs. The brother I had would never have drowned some yappy dog. You just need to let it go. Forgive him. I have. I’m sad yes, sometimes unimaginably so. As we both know. But I have forgiven.”	I sat there and listened to this kid. This brother of mine who wasn’t wrong. This kid who maybe wasn’t so stupid after all. This kid who never seemed capable of saying one sensible and comprehendible word. But now just had. 					***************      A week later I was out and sitting back on the beach in Pattaya. This time with my boots off and my feet in the warm water of the gulf of Thailand. The palms swaying above me in the breeze. The sun on my back and a amulet sitting around my neck.       May calling three times a day seeing how I was, and asking if she could visit. Sherri doing just that without asking for permission. The girl turning up, wearing her high heels on the beach. Myself caught in a love triangle and needing to pick a winner. Knowing deep down that with the shallow, oil rigger, raised by wolves mentality I possessed, the victor, in the end would inevitably come down to breast size. 	Sherri now with me and the little fella. Hanging out on the sand. Whilst Steve now hung out of which ever young lady he could find on the clean-up crew he’d joined at the same beach I’d first found the little fella. The man now, I was told, keeping away from ladyboys so as not to get into any fights.       Sherri free from manipulative abuse that came from the forced marriage she had endured. Happy in the fact she’d sort the help of a one hundred and seven year old monk who’s only wish was to now pass into his next life. But somehow wasn’t being allowed. The girl now adamant in her mind that it had been him who had spiritually orchestrated the downfall of her newly departed husband and the wretched network he belonged too.      And as I sat there with this girl on my arm and my dog at my feet. I saw him. This man in the distance, walking towards me. This guy this slick dressed detective from the tourist police. The same man who’d travelled all the way down south from Pattaya to the police station not more than a month before. The man stealing my car once he’d arrived. Letting me know as he did how the man I’d thrown from a window back in Pattaya had sold children. And that the man who bought those children had done so with the money he’d stolen from me.       This detective from the tourist police named Soone Junmuang, wearing an amulet not to dissimilar to the one I now wore with pride as he spoke. The man letting me know a task had been bestowed upon him by an olden monk. The man back then whilst I’d sat in that interrogation room the day I’d first met him, asking if I was truly here to help, or was I just going to sit with my feet on the beach like every other  – Loser? The End :      							 	  